Creating my Dream Home Library - my book collection and favorite stories
2022-07-31

Luke will be making me a custom bookshelf next year , but since neither of us have much time for such tasks right now, I decided to temporarily buy some bookshelves . These are only temporary for now , I need a place to put my books, because they are all piled up by the windows , it's really quite a mess . So, I hope these will help keep the books more organized Fortunately , these bookshelves are very easy to assemble. To be honest I'm not that skilled at making things or reading instructions. So, so far I have been able to complete both Now let 's try something else . But I hope you

enjoy it , because I'm sure you won't see me making anything again, because it's not my job. I finally got the bookshelves ready, and now it's a big job to bring all my books down from the treehouse upstairs and arrange them here. So, that's the next step. Books,

books, books, books. There are some . I thought all my books

would fill all these shelves but actually three and a half shelves are empty, which is good because I work at a bookstore so I get to bring home a lot of free books . Most of the books I have behind me are second- hand or free, because I get copies of Advanced Readers for working at the bookstore That's one of the benefits of working there. You will receive books that are not yet available to the public early so that you can read and review them . However, I also have a lot of new books because I like to encourage new authors and I also recently became a writer So, I want to share with you some books that I am currently reading, have recently read, or am interested in reading . I recently reread 'The Apothecary', one of

my favorite books from my childhood This is a story about the magical power of plants and two children . It feels very cozy and is about nature, the wonders of nature Although not strictly in a realistic sense, it is a very, very fun book. That's why I recently reread it. I haven't read it yet, but I'm very excited to read 'Oak, Ash, and Thorn' This was gifted to me by a viewer so thank you if you are one. Its cover is very beautiful. It features small, magical creatures which is why I liked it so much . I recently reread the book 'Never More', which was one of my favorite books from my childhood . I always say this book is like '

Harry Potter' , but it has a heroine and a greater emphasis on magical animals , which I like. I'm rereading this as the second book has just been released . I also recently reread 'The Wolf and the Whale' which is also a favorite book of mine. To be honest, I didn't really like the ending , but up until the last 50 pages, this was one of my favorite books. That's why, even though I think the ending would have been better if it had been different, I would still read it again and enjoy it. Yes, many people ask me what kind of books I read , and I say that I read many types of books. I have a very sensitive psyche,

so I can't stand scary things, especially if they're dark about supernatural forces . That's why, I don't like those kinds of books that much, but I try to read all kinds of books . For me, reading is an escape and it's very good for my mental health because I can immerse myself in another world. I love fantasy, these books take me to another world and help me imagine what the world could be like. Some of my favorite books are the ones I read as a child, and I still have them One of them is 'The Girl's Book of Flower Fairies', whose spine is completely broken

You can see how chaotically I wrote this at the age of seven. I've read this book so many times that I could even take it to the forest . I would keep this with me to remember anything I saw there This is another book I have had since I was a child. This is another field guide about fantastical creatures. As a child, I used to take this book with me when I went into the forest, so that I could accurately record anything I found . I also have 'Tasha Tutor's Book of Fairy Tales' , a book that is very hard to find outside now. This is a very old book. If you don't know who Tasha Tutor is, she was a famous and popular children's

author a few decades ago. She is no longer with us . But I also had the opportunity to write her a letter when I was very young . She was unable to write back to me because she was ill at the time But when she was sick in bed , she wrote me a letter back with the help of her son She died shortly after that. I definitely consider it one of the most special letters in my house and a treasure, because I still keep that letter written by her son, which she helped me with. That would be really, really good. If it stays that way, I still have some space on my shelf. So, I thought I'd go to the bookstore and get some more new books that I could read.

I've already read all the books behind me, so I definitely want o get some new books to get some new books and look at them in the future to decide which ones will be of good use to others . Yes, I repeat I wrote a book If you are interested, I will give the details below. Sending my love to all of you . I hope you like it . It's definitely going to be very, very fun . And yes, if there are any books you like, always let us know in the comments below.
