Preparing for a rural autumn - (and a very strange experience in the forest)
2022-09-17

This week I decided to share what I'm doing to prepare for fall. I love September. This is a transitional period when the forest takes a deep breath, preparing for the colder months. I simply adore this time of year. Although it's not quite autumn yet, the edges of the leaves are already showing a faint hint of red and orange. The great transition is about to begin. All the animals are very busy preparing for winter. And it's so exciting. There is

so much energy and life in the air. And, you know, all the animals turn to you because they're very busy and don't want you to bother them or get in their way. So it's really funny. Especially proteins. They become very domineering at this time of year. The other day I was digging in the flowerbed, pulling out weeds and wilted flowers, and noticed about 70-80 pine cones buried in the ground in large piles. I've learned that squirrels are hard at work and find my flower beds a great place to store winter supplies, which I have mixed feelings about, but for now I'll leave it as is and deal with it next year . Anyway, I'm here looking for little

treasures to transform my little house from a summer house to a cozy fall house. So I'll see what I can find. Probably lots of grass, leaves, and branches. And I need lots of pine branches because they always fill the house with such a wonderful aroma. There is a squirrel sitting in the tree next to me, very unhappy that I am standing in its way, probably not far from its pinecone hiding places. So I'll move on and see what else I can find. This time of year I always make a

small to-do list. Today I planned to gather branches, decorate the house for the season, do some cleaning, put away summer clothes, and prepare a fall wardrobe in the earthy colors that I love so much and that the forest now reflects. I have to say that an incredible adventure awaited

me in the forest this morning . I was walking along an overgrown path and suddenly came upon a clearing full of late summer flowers and surrounded by evergreen trees. The light filtered through the branches so gently that everything around seemed unearthly, and I suddenly realized how completely silent it was. I didn't even hear a single insect or a breath of wind. Maybe it was just a figment of my imagination, but at that moment I felt a strong surge of love and unity, becoming so indescribably happy that tears welled up in my eyes . It only lasted a moment, but it felt like someone was there, even if it was just my own perception. It

was a wonderful and very mysterious experience. I thought it was worth sharing, because it's so fitting for the fall season. Maybe this will inspire you to get out into nature and feel that connection. Regardless of your beliefs, I have heard from many people, both spiritual and non-religious, that nature is like a guide to something special. And I completely agree with that. As you can see, this video is

very short and sweet. I hope this is a nice little celebration of fall for you. Inspiration to love seasonal life. It has always brought me a lot of joy, not only in filling the home with the mood of each season , but also in enjoying the fruits, vegetables, and foods that are available at different times of the year. This short video is because after recovering from the hospital, I immediately threw myself into work as soon as I felt I had the strength to do it. And now I understand that this

may not have been the best decision. You know, this week I really realized that I needed to take a step back and slow down a bit to allow myself to fully get back into my routine . We have a limited number of minutes in life, and I think it's really important to remember to truly enjoy them , especially at this time of year when everything around us slows down. The days are getting darker, and all this signals to us that changes are near, and a new year will come very soon. I hope you are taking care of yourself. Thank you so much for supporting my Etsy shop. The reopening of

the store means a lot to me. And see you very soon. Take care of yourself. See you later.
