moving into my forest home & preparing the cottage garden
2022-03-31

My name is Paola, I live in a small house in the forest. My town is located at the foot of a large mountain range. It's quiet here, maybe boring for some , but for me it's home. I came to this valley to find work and help from my parents when I felt like I couldn't cope on my own. I gave so much of myself away that I no longer knew who I was . But over time, I found my own voice. Over the past few weeks, the snow has melted, giving way to spring. I was looking forward

to this time. Everything came back to life, ready for a new beginning. Lately I've made new friends in the forest. Our neighbors' cat, Lily, accompanies me on walks in the woods. She reminds me to listen to my feelings and just be myself. For about three

years now, I have been diligently learning to live an everyday life. I spent time observing, reflecting, and waiting, and I came to the conclusion that to live a simple, fulfilling life, you need to embrace not only your complexity, but also your unique path, which is rarely straight, realizing what an amazing person you are now and who you are becoming at every step. The answer to what a

simple life is cannot come from me or anyone else on this earth. It depends only on you . You need to find a balance between the harsh reality of this world and the happiness and joy that you have the power to nurture. This means being fully aware of the changes you want to see in yourself and others, while being able to rejoice in your journey, the acts of kindness around you, and the beauty of the everyday world. I truly believe in

affirming that the reality you support with your observations, thoughts, and actions will become the one you live in. And this thought is both comforting and frightening, because it places the burden of responsibility on you Or you can see it as I do: it's not a burden, but a sign of your own power to create your own story. All of our lives

are limited in some way. The greatest stories are often lost in the annals of history; they are not grandiose or outwardly impressive . But they leave a legacy. There are good lives that are enjoyed within realistic limits. I can't go and do anything or become anyone. Not everything is possible for me. But I can work on my goals, make informed decisions, and practice love. In the meantime, we need to support others, as well as ourselves, by telling our own story. It is our duty to help at the local level. And this domino effect can really change the world. It starts in our hearts, spreads to friends, family, and beyond. I often hear

the phrase: "If only I could leave everything behind." And I appreciate that such statements inspire people to dream and think about other realities. This will always be important. But I know that for me, in practice, I can't just leave everything. My responsibilities, my job, my family, my community. And I've come to the point where I don't want to be anywhere but here, in the midst of goodness and darkness, somewhere in between , finding peaceful contentment . What made me start this

channel was the realization that a simple, happy life is not a place. And I will continue to say this until my last video. I sincerely believe this. These are changes that transform our daily lives. Not constantly wishing for something else, but working towards your goals, accepting yourself and your life along the way.
