the forgotten art of monotasking - an antidote for a stressed world
2023-07-28

When I was in college, I could quite often be found at 3:00 AM working on my laptop, listening to the TV in the background and probably checking my phone every few minutes. In those moments when I was stuck in the waiting room and forgot my phone, I panicked a little. What would I do without entertainment? At the very least, I needed to read something. To be clear, there is nothing wrong with multitasking or enjoying things that entertain us and make time pass. However, years later, I reached a point where I felt like the days were passing by without much meaning or purpose, and that I often felt overwhelmed, restless, and restless if I had to spend time doing nothing. My thoughts were running endlessly. I wanted to change that. I

felt like I needed to do this to feel more fulfilled. I felt that learning to enjoy tasks that required delayed gratification would be crucial to overcoming difficulties and feeling happier and more empowered. So I decided to rediscover the lost art of monotasking, doing one thing at a time. Something I once practiced as a child, when I could read or play for hours without worrying about my productivity. When I first started

monotasking, I noticed two things. First, I became more productive because my usually distractible " personality" improved due to the ability to finish things I started, which is a constant practice. Secondly, the downside was that I was incredibly bored. I longed to have something to entertain my brain , apart from the current task. Sometimes the silence seemed unbearable . But gradually this feeling passed. This took time. I have conditioned my mind to be constantly entertained, and that is not easy to change. Gradually, I felt myself sinking into a calmness I hadn't felt in a long time , a sense of mind- body connection that stretched from my head to my toes . I became hyper-aware of my thoughts and how I wanted to practice

deep concentration to change some of my internal dialogues for the better. For a long time, monotasking was difficult in many ways, but it led to something beautiful. Now I can read, write, and create without the desperate need to drown out the silence and my thoughts. Now, if I watch a

movie, I just watch a movie. If I listen to music, I just listen. Time spent on the phone has replaced many of the things I enjoy doing more. Everyday life hasn't gotten easier, but it has gotten more interesting, and I notice a lot more, and in many ways I'm happier. This may not resonate with you , but I thought I'd share because not too long ago in human history, we had no choice but to monotask. In a sense, it is a secret meditative art form that many of us have forgotten. Thanks to the modern world, I can enjoy a healthier and safer life than my ancestors, and I would never want to live in the past, but I think there are still important things we can learn about those

who came before me, and maybe monotasking can be useful for you . Let me know how it turns out. On another note, the last

few months have been full of yard work. My father helped me build embankments, and I planted all kinds of flowers in the yard . Here's a little peek at what the garden looks like. I grow wild raspberries and all kinds of herbs. Lucas is also working on a rabbit enclosure. This will be a great shelter for animals throughout the year so they can enjoy nature and run freely. I hope to

show you the completed project very soon. I was working on a recipe for a sloe syrup yesterday, and it was so delicious. Today I ate the

rest of the ice cream. I ate it for breakfast. I admit, but it was just too delicious. I just couldn't wait for dinner. In the end, I mixed raspberries, strawberries, and blueberries, as well as everything else together. And it was very interesting. I think when you make floral syrups, it's a pretty subtle but very interesting flavor. I think lilac is still one of my favorites. The drunkenness wasn't as fragrant as lilac usually is, but it's still really fun to experiment and just see what you can come up with. There are so many amazing plants to experiment with. As you well know, I've done quite a few videos on this channel about me being a

very sensitive person, a child prone to, you know, a little bit more anxiety about things, and it was just natural, and I realized that because of certain life decisions and lifestyle choices that I had in the past, my stress and anxiety had gotten a lot worse, especially after, you know , recovering from being a workaholic and also from an eating disorder. And this whole process and a kind of decade of rethinking and reforming my life has made me have a surprisingly high value on not just mindfulness in general, becoming a single-tasker or a mono-tasker, just doing one thing at a time. I don't do this every day. I am a person who loves multitasking. This is something that comes naturally to me

, and I am a fairly absent-minded person, as are several family members. It, you know, runs through our, uh, generations, that's for sure. However, especially when I'm feeling stressed or my mind is racing , I think this is such a crucial time for me to focus on one activity at a time . When you're really speeding up and feeling overwhelmed or stressed, slowing down and doing one thing at a time has had incredible benefits, at least for me. And maybe it will also be useful for you the next time you need a little relaxation and stress relief, but you can't afford to take a vacation or break, and instead sit in the moment,

be aware of your breathing, and do one thing at a time. That we have changed our perception of our time. You know, often we want to be so efficient right now and so productive , doing several things at once and speeding up the process of completing them. And I think there's still a lot of value in slowing down and doing one thing at a time and finding joy in it , even something as simple as washing dishes. You can search for articles about doing one thing at a time and how this mindful lifestyle can have a huge positive impact on our brain health , but it's not easy. I warn you, it can seem unbearably boring at times. Your brain is so stimulated that it can feel almost frustrating and very

difficult to slow down at that level. So be prepared for this, and it will pass with time . I don't know if any of this will be useful to you. I have no idea, but it kind of affected me, and it seems like there's a lot of research that raises a lot of interesting questions as well, maybe we should approach our time differently. Perhaps efficiency and productivity can sometimes turn from a very healthy and wonderful state, perhaps sometimes losing track of the day and forgetting to appreciate the truly important and meaningful moments. With all that said, I'll leave you with this. Thank you very much for being with me today . It was certainly a quiet evening,

hopefully a pleasant one, and I hope it at least brought you a moment of peace. So I'm sending you lots of love. Thank you for your support of my work as an artist. I am very grateful that I can keep this space free of advertising in the middle of my videos and not engage in sponsorship. And this is so important to me in terms of creating a peaceful harbor on this channel. So, thank you very much. Sending so much love. Goodbye.
