give yourself permission to be happy and heal
2023-09-08

Today I am visiting a very special place on the coast that reminds me of a world you might find in Alice in Wonderland or The Secret Garden. It is an enchanted and magical valley, and I felt completely content and at peace here, and I allowed myself to be happy. Some of my relatives are going through difficult times right now. The news has been a bit gloomy lately. Small and large anxieties want to settle in my mind and demand attention right now. But I decided: no, I deserve to receive the healing and beauty that these plants so generously give me, asking for nothing in return. Giving it up for the sake of worrying about something I can't change would be sad. Instead,

I chose to give the feelings of love and wholeness I felt to the world around me, because if we all wait until everything is perfect to allow ourselves to heal and find peace, we will never get there So we can choose to worry until our last breath, or we can find a new way—a gentle way. And we can understand that given the constant darkness in the world, if we can't find peace in the face of it, I wonder if we're missing out on perhaps the best

part of life. We need to learn to nurture in our hearts the emotions that everyone should enjoy, and we can do this without devaluing all the struggles within us and around us. I know it's impossible to be happy all the time, and sometimes our burdens or circumstances just weigh us down , and that's okay. But I think it's important to find little moments of peace, to leave room for love and even for joy, if it arises within us. I find that in a world where we are constantly informed about violent news, everyone seems so angry because of politics, and it is all too easy to endlessly scroll through the bad news feed. Sometimes it may feel like you're not allowed to be

happy. But I don't believe it's a selfish act when it's done with love and the realization that we're connected to everyone, and we're all learning how to become better together, how to help each other, and how to be content in a complex world. Where I live, it can be very dry. You know, around this time of year everything turns brown or withers except for what has access to water, and that's a natural life cycle where it's so sunny and so cold in the winter. But taking little breaks from

that, coming here to the coast and just seeing this beauty and richness of nature—it's so refreshing. I love my home and I definitely wouldn't want to live anywhere else, but the trip here was truly magical and I think I needed a little vacation. I like to think that there are different types of fairies in all parts of the world , and I'm sure there's a special kind of them here. Those that love dew, moisture and moss. This is one of the most beautiful gardens I've ever been to, and I've visited quite a few because visiting gardens is my hobby. This is Heron's Wood Gardens and I'll leave the link below. You should definitely visit them if you get the chance. This is too special a place to

miss. And if you don't believe in fairies, you will once you finish walking through this garden, I guarantee it. The smells, the sounds, everything here is just wonderful, and I think I'll find a quiet place to sit and contemplate nature, to be in meditative silence. It's so healing, and I'm so glad I started practicing it every day. I think it's really helpful for everyone to sometimes just spend time just being in the moment. I hope

you allow yourself some peace this week, to heal a little more , to find contentment even when it's hard. I also hope you enjoyed my reflections while walking through the fairy garden, dreaming about fairy tales and good deeds. Sending you some fabulous wishes and lots of love. Because I feel

so grateful to be here right now. I thought it would be good to take a moment to sit here and focus on my breathing. I hope so, along with you, although I can imagine most people would want to leave and do something else right now. But for those who are interested, I think we would all benefit from stopping for a few minutes, sitting down, and accepting the fact that we simply are and we are alive. We don't need to be entertained. We don't need anything to distract us. We can just be. So I'm going to do this for a while, and I hope you can do it with me. So I'm going to lean back a little bit , focus on my breathing, move my

breath from my chest to my belly, and focus on that. And I'm just going to breathe in for a few seconds and then breathe out. If you sit quietly

long enough, you notice a lot more things. This is so interesting. Thank you for spending this episode in nature with me. I know not everyone likes nature videos, but for those who do, thank you. One of the most important tasks of this channel is to draw attention to beautiful places and inspire people not only to connect with nature, but also to strive to preserve it. So, thank you. I'm sending you lots of love and see you soon.
