the art of living gently - a full year at the new cottage
2023-04-22

In my garden, lilies of the valley and periwinkle grow, and in the wild, yellow bells and buttercups. As you well know, this is my favorite time of year. I could spend the whole day dancing in the flower meadows and watching my tulips peek out of the ground. But we have to work. So today I allow myself only short walks to explore this new world, hidden for so long by winter, while looking out for elves, of course. Yellow bells and

poppy seeds, hear the whisper of the breeze and dare to put down curious roots. They come and awaken the frost, the flash of spring that will soon be erased from memory, and a heart full of hope that awaits a tender beginning again. I recently

came across a wonderful line in a book. There was a question: "Who would you be if there was no fear in your heart ?" If I lived without worrying about things I can't control, without fear of failure, without fear of myself, how would I live and who would I be like? I like to think that I am on my way to becoming that person. I noticed that for me, the key to this courage was accepting the fact that, in a general sense, there are many things in my life that I cannot control For example, I can try to take care of myself, eat well, and exercise. And while these are great things for me, I still wo n't always feel my best. I will be sick. Maybe I won't even have the privilege of growing old. I really don't know what's going to happen, and it's

quite scary sometimes. But it's much scarier, in my opinion , to live life trying to control something I ca n't. For me, it felt like a gradual release from the habits I relied on to feel more in control of my life than I actually was . A very wise man once told me: to find yourself, you must stop and enter the inner room of your spirit. You should lock the door because this experience may not always be pleasant and you will be tempted to leave. But after you slowly work through what needs attention, you will be left with the seed of something special. This seed is you, the truth. And that's where you find your

strength. No. I hope I brought you a moment of peace or reflection today, and I send you all my love. By the way, I recently found

some old prints that I used to sell in limited editions in my Etsy shop. There were a few that I printed with mistakes, and unfortunately, this faint line remained on the back of the prints. As a result, I did n't sell them. However, I thought it would be a waste to just throw them away. So I decided to add them to the flower lot in my store, hoping to find owners for them among those who are not embarrassed by minor flaws. I don't have many of them, but I wanted to let you know, just in case, and I appreciate your support of my work as an artist. This means everything to me . Thank you very much. Sir, that's very rude.

It's still very rude. Lately I've been drinking this tea every day. These are lavender, chamomile, oatmeal, and hops. It's an interesting combination, but it's so calming. And, of course, the best part of tea drinking is holding the cup in your hands, it's so warm. Spring has come. I am incredibly happy. This morning I went to the poplar trees by the river and picked up many small buds that were just opening at the tips of the branches. If you collect these buds, insist them on oil, then in about 8 months you will get poplar oil, which can be

used for healing ointment and many other things. Of course, I like to take quite a bit where there are plenty of trees, so I gathered about two dozen buds, soaked them in oil, and look forward to sharing the recipe in the future. I also shot this video over many days, and the weather was a little different each time. So I was dressed a little differently , and it was funny because on the last day I climbed a fallen tree, and when I was coming down, my dress got caught on a branch and I almost fell over. So I'm really glad I don't have any

bruises or scratches from that little accident. As you can see, walks in the woods can sometimes be a bit dangerous and eventful. So, thank you again. Sending you lots of love and see you very soon. See you later.
