l’m leaving for a while - finally going on a little honeymoon vacation
2022-10-04

I'm leaving my little home for a while. So, in preparation, I gathered the last remnants of the harvest. I managed to get some potatoes and carrots from my father's garden, and also planted some lilies that my mother-in-law so kindly suggested. My garden and plot are still a long way from the fabulous place I imagine, but it's so exciting to start this process. I always remember that saying: "The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago." The second best time is today." Does n't this apply to our goals as well? We may regret not pursuing them sooner, but now is the best time to start again. I will miss you all while

I am gone. Maybe the frost will hit before I get back, but I'll be back soon The day was so peaceful, but as soon as I turned on the camera, almost every dog ​​in the area started barking. Hi , I wanted to make a very short, but hopefully enjoyable

video about me going away for a while. I won't be there , but I will definitely be back. Luke and I are trying to get ourselves a little vacation for a few days to celebrate our honeymoon, which we weren't able to do in May when we got married. We both went to work the Monday after the wedding. We got married on Saturday, went to work on Monday , and we just didn't have a chance to take some time for ourselves, so now we're going to the coast, visit his aunt, and hopefully stay at a really cute bed and breakfast, which I hope to share with you when I get back, unpack, and get back to normal . We are celebrating our engagement anniversary, and we are also just happy that

we are together, healthy, and happy. I was constantly in and out of the hospital, and this cycle of visits to doctors continues, so it's a little tiring, sometimes frustrating, but what is is, and that's why I really appreciate the opportunity now to go somewhere, breathe fresh air, continue my journey to healing, and I'm really looking forward to it. It's so important to be grateful and truly love and appreciate every moment, because you never know what life will have in store for you in the next minute. I really always miss filming my videos when I'm away, so I wanted to do at least something small now,

even though I'm short on time this week before the meeting. I send you all my love. Thank you again for all your kind words and messages. This means a lot to me, and we'll see each other very soon. Take care of yourself. See you later.
