I am not who you think I am
2023-08-23

My favorite place in the summer is in a lavender field when it's in bloom. The air is filled with that delicate perfume that is so delicious and, at the same time, difficult to describe. You simply have to try it. I took the opportunity to gather several bundles to make a wreath for the fall. When the cold weather inevitably arrives, it's very refreshing to have dried lavender to freshen up the cozy space as we seek refuge indoors more often. Picking these flowers reminded me of the last time I visited a lavender field a few years ago and how I can't believe how much things have changed since then, and neither have I. For the better, I think. When I started my channel, I

was about 23 years old and had big goals for myself. I wanted to heal and rediscover who I was, but I did n't know how to do it. So, I decided to film some videos about life in a rural valley, share doodles from my diary, and connect with other like-minded souls. I thought that making videos about these topics would help me express myself and, who knows, find a way to cultivate

joy in my own life. On this channel, we discuss many topics related to improving our days and our perspective. And yet, when I started, that was all I knew how to do: discuss how to make those changes. What confused me was how to actually apply them effectively. For example, for much of my life, I felt overwhelmed by negative thoughts. I knew that changing them was important, but I didn't know exactly how. When I put effort into it, I experienced a slow but steady improvement. But the moment things got tough, I reverted to my old bad habits because that's exactly what they were: habits. I talked about trying to create a balance between personal life and online work, but late at night,

when I had self-imposed work deadlines to meet, I couldn't find a way to switch off and take time to rest and recover. I would like to say that, as I continued making videos for YouTube, these things improved. But for a while, they only got worse. I put more and more pressure on myself to work a strict schedule, adhere to an unsustainable work regime, and internalized criticism to the point where I became very afraid every time I posted something. Everything came to a head a few years later, when I finally broke down under the pressure. I started feeling physically ill all the time, and suddenly I no longer knew what was normal. I realized I

had a deep-seated fear of losing control over anything in my life. And yet, that very fear was making things worse. Stress was something I knew well. Like in a long-term, bad relationship , I didn't know how to break free from what was most familiar to me. At the time, it felt like everything was falling apart around me. And looking back, I'm very glad it happened. I'm

glad my world has fallen apart. It needed to happen, because it was the only way I could truly open myself up to change. Sometimes we need to go through difficult times. There are no shortcuts. We need to move forward and discover a new way of living that can be much better than the previous one, if we have the patience, perseverance, and faith to continue. But true change will likely require you to shed your old identity. So be prepared. It 's not for the faint of heart. I read in a book called Atomic Habits

that implementing positive changes in our lives depends entirely on new habits becoming part of our identity. So, I decided to force myself to set boundaries regarding work, to learn to take some real quality time to rest. Not only that, I had to grow spiritually and emotionally, decide who I really wanted to be, and actually work towards that goal. Not a half-hearted attempt, but true perseverance. Now, I 'd love to say that the moment I decided to make all these changes, everything became easier, but that would be a lie. As soon as I started working on my problems, my anxiety got ten times worse. I had a

nervous breakdown because of all that subconscious material that I had suppressed for years, coming to the surface and demanding that I confront it. I felt very bad on some days. While recovering from severe anxiety, I saw a huge drop in my productivity and even my career. And most of those things never went back to the way they were before. But things had to be this way. And I had to fully accept that there was nothing outside of myself in this world that could offer me what I was looking for. And that meant giving up many things that used to make up who I was. It meant giving up my desire to control everything. With a lot of dedication to meditation, writing, reading therapy books, lots of mindfulness, and many mistakes, I'm

feeling more satisfied and fulfilled than ever. I am literally a new person now, because my brain has created new neural pathways to help me think in a much more positive and peaceful way. I'm becoming the person I never thought I could be. And I have to say that part of that is thanks to all of you, because this experience of having a channel has challenged me in every way I needed to be challenged. And that made me realize that while discussing the things we want to include in our lives to improve them is wonderful, we also need to turn around and actually make those changes if we want to see results. So, that's all I really had to say

. A reminder to all of you that I don't have things more figured out than you do. Honestly, building happy lives is a process that cannot be rushed. I am sending you all so much love and thanking you for showing me patience, love, and compassion , because 2023 was simultaneously the worst and the best year of my life. And I see the irony. I had some bad moments. And yet, I've also discovered how to let my soul truly take control and, hopefully, shine. I read an article about how humans need to have faith in something greater than themselves. No matter what it is, just something big to hold on to. If they do, it means that everything that is difficult, whether a small challenge, a huge tragedy, or anything in between, has meaning and therefore an opportunity to grow. It's a chance

to cultivate resilience and learn that life is worth living. But we may be learning to live in new ways all the time. For a while, I wanted to make a video about my

own awareness of how much I've changed as a person in relation to this YouTube channel. Although my videos are still quite similar to what they perhaps were when I started, at least from my perspective, their essence has remained the same. And yet, the person who created them is so different that I can hardly imagine how I was able to function when I started this channel, because I didn't know how to set boundaries for myself in relation to work. I also didn't value a healthy lifestyle or taking care of myself. I really did n't have that perspective on the future.

I heard that quote circulating online and I don't know who said it, so I apologize in advance, but it says something like: you have two lives, and the second one begins when you realize you only have one. And I really, really like that feeling, because that's how I've felt for the last year and a half. I don't know how long I'll be here and I really want to make the most of it, take care of myself, set boundaries and allow myself to live and live fully. Not tomorrow, not next year, not in 5 years when everything is right and perfect, but right now. And this may seem like a very simple idea , but I think applying it, depending on who you are, can be one of the

hardest things you will ever do. And for me, that was extremely difficult because I had no idea how to do it. I had become very accustomed to feeling stressed most of the time as an adult. You know, I became an adult and immediately went to college, with a lot of academic pressure that I put on myself throughout the course. I didn't take care of myself at all. But also, over the years, a habit was created, which was to use stress as a motivator to get things done. And stress became a very normal part of my life. And I would n't know what to do with myself if I didn't have something to worry about. And then I would find this

thing. And it became a truly awful habit that followed me for a good part of my young adult life. Another interesting part of actually implementing lifestyle changes that I'd wanted to implement for a long time, but hadn't really committed to, was that my productivity and, in a way, even my career and work, you know, outside of home, kind of plummeted in terms of success; You know, by external standards, I was. I could no longer work overtime every chance I got. I set a lot of boundaries, and that, I think, is a very good thing, because it also helped me redefine success. In

retrospect, I believe it's so sad to spend your life chasing external success instead of cultivating that inner fullness and wholeness, because all you can truly take with you everywhere is yourself. And to develop a deeper awareness of what it means to be alive and to be successful . Helping others, as well as having the wisdom to understand that when we help ourselves become our best selves, we are able to love more freely and make even greater changes in the world as our best selves. You deserve this. And I think many things get harder before they get better. But still, it 's a journey worth taking. And

share your own wisdom and insights below. I will be traveling to visit my grandmother. So, I appreciate all your well wishes for a safe trip, because by the time you see this, I'll probably be traveling during hurricane season. So, hoping that everything goes well. Sending lots of love to you all. Goodbye.
