working in a rural town long-term - a raw perspective on a simple life
2022-09-04

It's the very end of summer, hot and dry. But there is a scent in the air, soft and easy to overlook, of pine, sage and something else. The slightest hint of a cool autumn approaching. You can feel it in the mornings, fresh and soft. It's stimulating, because after spring it's definitely my favorite time of year. But this place is not perfect; Is any of them? I traveled a lot as a child in a military family, and I can say that nowhere I lived was everything rosy. People here are upset about change, frustrated, and have strong opinions, and you would find those feelings in most places. You, oh, heat . Wherever you land, there's

trouble somewhere. where something

is not entirely perfect. Here, as in many places, we strive to create affordable housing opportunities for young workers. They are desperately needed in our shops and supermarkets to keep businesses afloat, but they can't find anywhere to live. And even if they could, they can barely afford it working full time. It's a common problem in many communities, but especially after the lockdown, it became clear how much we need workers to thrive. And yet, houses and rentals are becoming increasingly expensive. In my small town, if we don't have anyone to run the supermarket, it's a big problem because it's the only one we have. I remember once noticing that there was no milk in the

refrigerated section. I asked and was told that the product was available, but there was no one to put it on the shelves. As one of the lucky families who found a way to make ends meet, my heart aches for my colleagues and I worry about the future. I know it's a problem that both cities and suburban areas are facing right now . But it's very true here too. I have incredible respect and admiration for all these families who get creative and desperately try to find new solutions. I recently read Jane Goodall's book on hope and she made a very important point. When we look outward at

all that is wrong, we feel overwhelmed. But when we look at our families, friends, and local community, we see opportunities to help, even in a small way. One concern that comes to mind regarding rural life is health. My recent visit to the emergency room highlighted the fact

that if you need more help than a clinic can offer, you may have to drive to a hospital 1 to 2 hours away. It's a long wait. I know that sometimes people move if they have serious health problems . So I am deeply grateful that I currently have good health and physical ability and don't have to worry about that. But I know that, for example, if I had a child with health problems or if I myself faced one in the future, it might not be sustainable to live here. And for that reason, I am grateful every day that I can walk through the forest next to my home. Throughout history, communities have never been exempt from

facing difficulties at some point. And for that reason, we desperately need to find ways to enjoy today. Because life keeps throwing challenges at us. And when we feel overwhelmed is when we most need to cultivate that deep purpose and inner richness that reminds us that there is often some small way to improve our daily experience despite the challenges . My recent health problem made me very aware of the fact that, even if everything outside of me is fine, one day I may contract an illness, lose someone I love, and today needs to be lived. My cat is making a lot of noise. I'm sorry.

I was hesitant to make a video about this topic for a long time because I did n't want to seem negative, as if I was focusing too much on the challenges my community faces. On second thought , I simply thought it would be a very interesting topic to discuss, with the caveat that all communities face challenges, and I believe it is fruitful. You know, of course, how to approach them. I thought it would be , you know, valuable to share these things and raise awareness about them, while showing that I obviously love my home and my valley, and that I care about these issues. And that's why I work hard every day to try to

support my community in any way I can. For example, something that has always been difficult for me to understand is when, uh, people move to a rural area and yet have no interest in understanding the ecosystem they live in, or the more natural aspect of the place where they live, or in worrying about preserving it, by building their houses and living in a way that can try to minimize their impact on the land. There are many people who simply don't have that on their radar. I could get frustrated by that and let it, you know, affect my mindset. But instead, I think it's just a challenge and a motivator to get involved in my local conservation group which, you

know, reaches so many people and tries to educate and inspire them, you know, to live a little more in tune with the earth through small, sustainable changes. I think that's what matters, because I think choosing bitterness would be easier, because it's like an excuse for me. At least if I think about it that way, it's a reason not to help, not to get involved, and, you know, not to try to improve where I live; And that's simply not a mindset that works for me. It is certainly not a mindset that leads me to fulfillment and joy. So I really care a lot, you know, about addressing these things and helping in any way I can. Sometimes communities can be more open to new people and new types of people

, and sometimes they are not. I know there is a challenge here because my community sees the importance of having young people working to keep businesses thriving. But many people are also deeply concerned about losing the small-town atmosphere and seeing so much change happen in such a short period of time. These are all understandable concerns, you know, and for me, I know that change is inevitable. I think that's particularly because I'm currently living through a time of great change. And it's so inspiring, but also overwhelming at times. And I've simply had to learn to, you know, accept it. There is often a

positive side to most changes and modifications in a community. So I think it's important for me to look for the positive and negative aspects of everything, really weigh them up, and understand a little better what's happening around me. And, of course, to challenge my way of thinking and to deeply consider perspectives that are not naturally my own . Another very obvious challenge that this community and countless other communities face. You could argue that all communities now face the impact of climate change and this area is really no different. I love showcasing the beauty of this valley in my videos. And I work to support

wildlands in this area. But last year we had the National Guard on our doorstep, you know, fighting raging wildfires. And although there is a great awareness that wildfires are, in many ways, a fairly natural part of this area, you know, what we are seeing now is truly unprecedented. And when you see the destruction, when you live through that moment and see the impact it has on people, and you know that this won't be the last time you feel this way, it can be very overwhelming and frightening. You know, especially for someone who is just starting out in life. Although I don't plan on making many videos in the future, you

know, obviously focusing on these things, I think it's very important to use it to inspire action. And you know, whether you donate a little or a lot to charities and non-profit organizations trying to make a difference, whatever you can contribute is more than enough. And whatever you can do in your local community to help protect your natural areas or those of other places that you care about, that's all we need to do. And for me, that's how I see it. We just need to do what we can. So, yes, I hope you found this interesting. Perhaps I provided some insights into my community and

many other communities that you may not have considered before. I think I'm obviously mentioning things that mean a lot to me as an individual. I am not an expert on any of these topics. I see so many young people and young families with really young children out here, being really innovative and figuring out how to make things work. And it 's very inspiring and very incredible. And I want every young person, every child, to feel that way. You know, they can create that change. Anyway, I send you all my love and see you very soon. Take care. Bye bye.
