learning about life in a winter cottage - what the season has taught me
2024-01-26

This morning I woke up to snowfall and couldn't shake the feeling that I was living in a little snow globe from a fairy tale world. These simple joys help my heart stay light during the long, dark winters. It's interesting how such a harsh time of year can be so beautiful and refreshing at the same time. A call to relax your body and get cozy with the forest dwellers. I had no idea that within a few

hours this pleasant snowfall would turn into a winter storm that would lock me in my house for days, watching ice hit the kitchen window and gusts of wind fiercely whipping snow off the trees. I had no choice but to stay put, which is of course one of my favorite things to do. I love spending time at home, making small decorations, and baking goodies. Jane Austen once said, " There is nothing better than staying at home for real

comfort." And I can't disagree with that. Oh no, I think I burned the cornbread . I burned it. Oh no. This week I had some free

time and spent it juggling household chores and creative projects, doing everything with the intention of prioritizing rest and recovery. If you watched my last video, you know that this year I'm aiming to appreciate myself more and develop confidence. It has been a challenging but rewarding journey so far. How are you doing? When I

mention the word " self-love," it can have many different interpretations. I know some people see it as something special to treat themselves to, others as setting healthy boundaries, and still others as focusing on relaxation. All of these things sound great. I personally like to think of self-love as the practice of proper self-respect and valuing one's soul. If I'm trying to be more confident, I need to show respect for myself by honoring my decisions and supporting myself when necessary. I need to respect myself enough to work on learning positive self-talk . That's what I've been working on this year. This may not be a typical way to show self-love, but it has

helped me feel so much better, and I think one of the reasons is that I'm trying to make a permanent internal change, not a temporary external one. I remember when I was younger, hearing my friends joke about the power of retail therapy or pampering when you're not feeling your best. I'm sure these things can be very useful. All people are different. And I also think it's worth working on changing your beliefs about yourself if they're negative. Changing from within is also a powerful and extremely important tool for feeling more self-fulfillment. At least, that's what I want my story to cover this year . I think the hardest part about learning to appreciate yourself and love who you are is the invisibility of the process. You can't

prove to other people that you have innate value. They just need to know that it is so. It is impossible to get something from the outside that will make everyone love you, never doubt you, and never hurt you. You need to live with awareness of your value and simply know that it exists. You can't rely on others to constantly confirm this. I don't want someone else to write my story. I want to create it myself . And this year I hope you will do the same. Hello everyone. I

realized that probably the last few times I've talked to you on camera, I've been wearing this dress, and I swear, I'm recording on different days. It's just one of the few things that still fits me, and it's also a color that I really like. That's why I wear it so often. I don't have many dresses that really fit, but my mom recently gave me this one and I really like it. She knows my tastes very well. She bought it secondhand. I mostly wear leggings and sweaters, and I think that will be a theme for the next few months. I wanted to say a huge thank you for the wonderful response to my last video. I received so many

interesting stories, feedback, and ideas shared by many people. It was quite interesting, enjoyable and very inspiring. I see that self-doubt is something that many people have. I think it depends on your experience or tendency to be too demanding of yourself. When I found myself at my lowest points, where there was so much doubt, so much shame, so much cruelty to myself, truly believing that there was no way to become better, to feel better, to become the person I wanted to be. I associated that time with disintegration and brokenness, considering it something very negative. However, looking back, I no longer see it that way.

And I hope that anyone who has been in a vulnerable state might find it helpful to look at it the same way . It wasn't the end of anything. In fact, it was the beginning of something quite beautiful. And I think if we took our worst moments in that way, we could be kinder to ourselves. I think when you reach that point where you feel overwhelmed by a problem or something you're facing and you feel like there's no way out, it's beautiful in its own way that your mind, your body, your whole being, your spirit has reached a point where you can no longer live the way you used to and be the same person you were. This has the potential to be a

turning point, where a source of growth , healing, renewal, motivation to change your life—all of these things can arise from that low point. Only when we become truly honest with ourselves and have the courage to look into the eyes of what we want to change in ourselves do we begin to heal. That's why I want to see these things as something quite positive. Although for a long time I felt so much shame, so much shame associated with the need to ask for help, feeling like I needed to learn to live in a new way. At least for me, it was very useful and really helped overcome some self- doubt. And I still have a long way to go

, as you can tell from my latest video. Well , thank you all again . And I think what I'll do with the rest of my day: I'll put on my headphones and go for a walk in the winter. It's o beautiful there now. so beautiful there now. The snow is falling in very thick flakes. And, uh, I think I'll go dance in the snow, have a great time, have fun with my dog, and listen to music. There is one Celtic-inspired band that is quite local to this region of the US, and it's a trio of very talented women that I recently met. I've been asked many times on Instagram what my favorite music is. 90% of the time I

listen to movie soundtracks or calm , ambient music on YouTube. I really like it. It helps my creativity, especially when I'm creating art. But I also like to add other very interesting music here for entertainment, to lift my spirits and recharge my energy. And their music is so inspiring. So I'm going to go listen to it now. And as I run through this winter's tale, I will try to continue to make promises to myself, to truly embrace my positive beliefs about who I am, and not let all that negativity take over. So I'm sending you so much love. See you later.
