how I find energy to live everyday - my new expectations
2022-10-02

The magic of autumn is already with us. The palette of the forest changed to golden larches and red blueberry leaves. I was recently reminded of a favorite quote by children's author Roald Dahl, and I feel like it embodies a lot of my feelings this fall. Look at the world around you with shining eyes, because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unexpected

places. He who does not believe in magic will never find it. And for me, autumn is the perfect time to rediscover this fairy-tale magic. Whether or not we have the energy to face each day with enthusiasm, we have the potential to travel through boundless inner worlds, learning about ourselves and others in the process. In the previous video, I

described myself as someone who doesn't have a lot of energy, and that's completely natural for me, I've accepted it. I will always naturally be the person who takes things slower and gets tired easily . And I think this applies to anyone who has ever felt overwhelmed or perhaps anxious because of the responsibilities of adult life and the high expectations they have for themselves. It is very important to celebrate every achievement, even the smallest one. It could be something small: time to choose a thoughtful outfit, cleaning, washing dishes, self-confidence, or, as in my

case, quality time baking and enjoying the fall atmosphere. Allowing myself some quality time, which often seems unattainable in the midst of a busy work schedule. There was a time in my life when sitting down and eating a full meal was probably the most difficult task for me. I'll tell this story in more detail someday, but the fact is that I would never have made any progress in healing my relationship with myself and food if I hadn't celebrated every tiny step and corrected myself gently when I fell short. I still find great

value in getting up every day and celebrating each successful step, instead of looking at the day as a whole, seeing it as many small opportunities for a good life. I don't usually bake in the evenings, but I decided to try it

and see what would come of it, completely immersing myself in the process: I lit a lot of candles, immersed myself in that autumn atmosphere—it was just wonderful and very meditative. Just in case, I know that every time I light candles, it makes some people nervous, but I promise that I am extremely careful with my candles and always very careful when I light them. But I genuinely enjoy this atmosphere, especially this time of year when it gets a little cooler, especially in the evenings and mornings. I really appreciate it. So I'll continue to experiment with apple pie or apple and peach pie, and we'll see what happens. OK. Lie down. Go lie down

. Actually, I don't have much experience in baking pies. Luke, my husband, is a really accomplished baker. He has a whole cookbook about it, and he has made quite a few very delicious pies. So I usually leave that matter to him. I was a little worried because last time the cake I made exploded. Luckily, this cake was a success and I ended up eating a good portion of it right out of the pan, and it was just delicious. There's a wonderful woman in our town who runs a cute little thrift store

, and I bought these little creamer and sugar sets from her, they're so cute. They cost about $2. So I'm just enjoying the moment to truly appreciate all these cute little things . And, of course, all these pumpkins, even my little pumpkin, which, to me, is just the cutest thing in the world. One of my favorite things about this time of year is that the grocery stores are filled with this gorgeous, colorful corn. And she is simply incredibly beautiful. I love decorating my house with it. And so many little things I enjoyed this week. I send you all my love. Thank you very, very much, and see you soon. See you later.
