How I stopped comparing my life to others - success should be re-defined
2022-02-17

I share my little corner of the world with a small group of people and abundant fauna. This is a quiet town in a sleepy valley. Not much is happening here. I rarely travel far from home and spend my days at work, enjoying moments to myself when I can pursue a hobby or work in the garden. Everyday life can sometimes seem mundane, but I love noticing the hidden beauty and finding solace in simplicity. Comparison. Man

has such a tendency. Why isn't my life more interesting? Why do they have it and I don't? Why do I work hard but not get everything I want? Life can be quite capricious. I remember when I was sick, I suddenly became acutely aware of how free others seemed, and romanticized their ability to live so easily and joyfully in their own bodies. Instead, I felt like I could barely live with myself. I was so desperate for inner peace that it seemed like everyone else was happier than me , and it was incredibly unfair. But that was not the case. At least not in the way I imagined. And now I regret

spending so much time comparing when I could have been inspired by the same people. I didn't want their life. Not quite. I wanted the happiness that I believed they had. Many of these feelings , if analyzed, reveal a lot about ourselves. As a teenager, my friend constantly looked at photos of women she thought were beautiful, and this fueled her desire to look different. She didn't like her face, her hair, her eyes. She wanted a new body . Talking to her about this topic years later, she said she realized: she didn't really want to change her face. She wanted a feeling of self-love when she looked in the mirror. A feeling of confidence in one

's own skin, a desire to know one's worth without waiting for others to convince her of it. Changing the body wouldn't solve this, at least in the long run. Experience. If you chase

something external to find peace, this cycle seems endless. At least that's how it was with me when I was a diligent student . I spent so many years trying to be the best, only to realize after graduating, having achieved a goal that I thought would change everything, that now all I could think about was how to become even better. Maybe become a professor, get a PhD, get published in a journal. If I measured my worth only by achievements, I would spend my whole life climbing endless stairs. It was my choice to say, “No, that’s enough.” I have everything I need. I'm happy with how things are now. When I realized this

pattern—of wanting something and then being disappointed when I got it—I started to question everything. So many patterns in my string of toxic relationships, in the gradual dislike of each job, in the constant comparison of myself to others, in the tendency to revert to an eating disorder every time I feared the future. It's scary to realize that you have the power to shape your own reality. If I've learned anything through my illness and the personal growth required to overcome it, it's that the path to who you want to become is rarely linear. It's a cycle of steps forward and backward that gradually lead you to a better place. This takes time. And although I'm not sure I've reached my goal yet, I know it gets easier with time.

Hello everyone. I'm

using a new microphone. I hope you can hear me. Now we'll see . The snow is already melting here. This year it started melting a little earlier. And yet it's exciting, because I can start planting my garden. And that's probably the best thing, because I just love spring, planning what I'm going to grow, and choosing seeds. It's simply my favorite time of year. So, the inspiration for this video was reflecting on how much I've changed in my thinking and perception of the world, and that it took a lot of time and patience to get to this point. And I think that as humans, we can sometimes be quite

impatient with ourselves and want to grow the way we want to in 24 hours, or become a better person the very next day, not allowing ourselves to make mistakes. It's so easy to be hard on yourself when you realize who you want to become. And I think in terms of comparing my life to others, as I continue to build a life that I love and that brings me joy, I'm trying to replace that thought pattern—the constant comparison, the constant craving for what you don't have—with simply observing and using that as inspiration for my own life. But I really think it's so

important to just be aware of your own patterns. And for me, drawing inspiration from nature has always been my guiding light. And it means so much to look out the window and see that one season is ending and another is beginning. And I notice, at least in my case, and maybe it will be the same for you, that comparing and ealing with dealing with difficult emotions when you want to have another person's life that you do n't have. For me, it was really about working on your internal dialogue and changing the words you say to yourself to more kind, gentle, compassionate words, and really working on loving

yourself. This turned out to be a much simpler answer than I imagined. So if you've been on Instagram, you know that my dog ​​decided to poop in something horrible and the whole house was soaked in this stench, it was just awful. I washed it three times, and I still couldn't get rid of that smell. But you gave a lot of great advice, and luckily it turned out to be very effective, and now, after applying your methods, it smells quite decent. It doesn't smell perfect, but I think it will smell better over time. Now the whole house is full of dog and rabbit fur.

Since it got warmer, everyone has started shedding. So, it was pretty fun. I wish you a wonderful week. Sending you my love and see you very soon. Goodbye.
