life as a low energy person - not leaving my cottage for a week
2022-08-28

The last week has passed slowly. I went to the hospital, worried that I had appendicitis. Fortunately, no, but during the examination it turned out that the cause of my malaise was an infection that needed to be treated. And if you know anything about the recovery process from something like this , you understand that it can be exhausting for a few days. I'm much better now, but it was surprisingly hard to accept that I just needed to lie in bed for a few days. I've always been a

calmer person with lower energy levels in general. At school, I was never the kid who ran up the walls. I enjoyed swimming and horseback riding— activities where I could choose my own pace. I did n't like surprises. Instead, I wanted to know the daily routine in advance to prepare myself psychologically. I could go hiking, then come home, read a book for the rest of the day, and do some housework. I was losing strength quickly. I have always found it easy to fall asleep during the day. And yet, only now, as an adult , can I acknowledge these traits of my character. Mainly because the world around us highly valued efficiency and speed. If you look closely, you can see that a huge amount of advertising offers

products whose main goal is to save us time. This is certainly a trait we supposedly adore in our busy world. And sometimes I ask myself if there are any downsides to this . Do we forget how to slow down when the opportunity finally arises because we do everything faster? I embraced

productivity trends and efficiency goals, believing I had to overcome my inherent slowness. This led to me becoming addicted to stimulants at university, trying to juggle multiple jobs and studies. Luckily, I understand myself better now and do my best to push myself when I need to, but I also respect my feelings when I have free time. Or like this week, when illness got in the way. So instead of trying to complete a huge to-do list while feeling bad, I decided to simplify everything as much as I could. Find time to relax and try to do a few projects just for yourself. These were my miniature sets and "book corners," and I also made a

toy for my kitten. So, I think that's all

for you. you. I love you.

This tendency to be a very calm, slow, and methodical person has not disappeared since childhood. I often notice that my energy reserves naturally run out by the evening, and quite often I have very little of it. I know this is a familiar feeling, as we all, you know, experience it sometimes; but I thought it was worth admitting because I often felt like being a slower person was something I had to struggle with. Although I still work full-time, sometimes even more than I probably should , I now see

myself in a different light. So, although my lifestyle, you know, hasn't changed much, my perception has. And, of course, there's no easier way to feel like you're not achieving something than trying to emulate a personality that's not your own. And that's what I did for a very long time. I have siblings who are much more energetic and adventurous than me, and I often just admired them and saw in them who I wanted to be. Over time, I realized that I should admire them, their beauty and brightness, while at the same time respecting my own personality and understanding that my maximum is my

maximum. My limit is my limit. And that's okay. You can be as adventurous and energetic as you want as long as you don't compare yourself to other people, because that's where the feeling of losing out comes from. You know, regardless of your character traits, you have something very special that you can offer the world. Because I believe that life itself and this journey that we are all on on this planet are extremely complex and mysterious. We can better understand our world, love better, and enjoy life only when we perceive it in different unique

ways and offer different perspectives to solve problems, while finding more meaning, self-fulfillment, and empathy for others. Your self-perception largely depends on whether you compare yourself to other people. At least I know that for many this is the case. I think it's also useful to ask yourself from time to time if the standards you set for yourself are realistic, because sometimes certain personality types set very high standards that aren't always viable. That doesn't mean, you know, that you shouldn't do your best to, well, live your best life and, you know, be as productive as you want and as you feel like you should be

. But everything needs balance, right? I think it's very important to see leisure time not as a waste of time, but as something truly valuable. See the value in a quiet day spent at home with family. To perceive all these things as successes. You don't have to create anything to be valuable. You are already valuable, and I know that some of us can get into this feeling that we have to give something in order to be worthy of receiving, and I think we have to be very careful with that mentality, because, you know, it has many sides, and I think sometimes it

can hurt us, especially when we find ourselves in situations where we need to receive and we're not able to give. I recently got this "bell ringing," you know, when I was, uh , pretty sick and felt like I had to stay in bed all the time because I was nauseous. I've always been a little embarrassed, you know , to admit that I'm a person who gets out of breath very quickly. Despite changes in diet and lifestyle, you know, there are always things that help improve mood and energy, but for me, you know, my normal natural rhythm is pretty slow. Many of us function within this scale of normality, but when we get carried away with one extreme, everything else often, you know, seems inadequate. And isn't

it wonderful—just celebrating all lifestyles and seeing what each perspective has to offer? I certainly feel that way. I draw a lot of inspiration and wisdom from my siblings, and I like to think I can offer something in return. So I hope you all have a wonderful week. I feel much better now. Fortunately, there shouldn't be any problems in the future. So I am very grateful and at peace. So see you very soon. A video I've been working on for quite some time is coming out soon, so I hope to share it. I send you all my love. Goodbye.
