what it’s like to work as a bookseller - 9 hour shift at a small town bookstore ($17 hour)
2023-08-31

Deity. At the end of summer, I pick hibiscus flowers. I like to dry them on the windowsill and then mix them with boiling water, lemon, and a pinch of something sweet. This taste for me signifies the end of the long hot season and the imminent arrival of the fall harvest. Today I decided to

take you with me to my bookstore and show you a little bit about my work life. Forest fires recently closed a mountain pass that many tourists use to come to our country. That's why it's unusually quiet and sleepy here now. I usually have breakfast in the city, it's not a very good habit, but sometimes it works out that way. I now make $17 an hour because I now manage our bookstore's Instagram page, which is an added responsibility. What do you think? Good. So,

I just opened the store, and now I'm going to go around it to see what needs to be cleaned before the official opening . Then I need to look into the warehouse, check the remaining goods and do other work. Maybe I'll dust it off a little. And if I have free time, I'll rearrange something

or arrange it alphabetically—this is a constant and very important part of working in a bookstore. Books get out of place pretty quickly. Since the store is pretty tidy right now, I think that's what I'll do now. So I'm going to put everything in alphabetical order. And if, like me, you have to hum the alphabet quietly all the time, it will be a long process. I'll start with fiction, and we'll see from there. And soon , in about an hour, we will be ready to open. It's a pretty routine job with

a lot of cleaning, and I like it. Some may find it boring, but for me it's calming. From time to time I talk about books with buyers, and it's always nice. Iger wants you to pay attention to his bandana because he looks really good today. Of course? Don't you look good today? Yes. So, one of the benefits of working

at a bookstore is, of course, the discount on books, but more importantly, you get early versions of e-books and audiobooks, as well as print editions. So, here's how it works: publishers send out paper books, and also provide access to audiobooks and e-books months, sometimes even a year, before the book's official release date. This is done so that booksellers and other book lovers can get early access and provide feedback and first impressions to the author and his team. For example, here's a stack of preview copies we received in the mail recently. Alice Hoffman's book The Invisible Hour has already been released, but we received a

preview copy a few months ago, so we were able to read it in advance and write a review. As an artist and a dreamer, I like to romanticize my work, no matter what I'm doing—at home or in a bookstore. But it's important to note that this is a job like any other. There are days when I get tired and make mistakes. Not every day is perfect, but every day is meaningful, and there is always something to be grateful for. So I learned to accept these ups and downs. After closing the store, I'm

usually pretty tired and looking forward to the opportunity to give my feet a rest. So I go home to have dinner with my husband, spend time with my pets, and hopefully do some reading before bed. I hope you enjoyed this little day. He's not very exciting. My work life isn't that interesting, but it means a lot to me . So I decided to share it, and I hope it brings you some peace this evening. Overall, it was a great day. And I got home just in time, fortunately, because it's the height of summer. It's

still very light outside. So I thought I'd show you some of the books I brought home today. I'll start with ARCs, that is, introductory copies for readers. All these books are free here. They were sent to us as booksellers in the hope that we would review them. However, they are already very old. All of these books have been published and are on sale for a long time. So these are just old copies lying around doing nothing. So I decided to show them to you. The first of them is "The Road of the Lost." It's about Kroy, who is a brownie, a fairy-tale creature. This seems like a very adventurous, perhaps a bit dangerous story , with lots of curses, invisibility, and spells. So, I think that sounds pretty exciting. This is a very old book. It seems like

it was published a few years ago, but it's "The Extremely Inconvenient Adventures of Bronte Nettlestone." It's a story about a very developed girl who receives instructions from her parents in a will to go on an adventure, and it's just a silly and incredibly funny journey. The last free paperback I picked up was "The Awakening Forest." Its cover seemed a bit scary to me. I'm not one to read creepy horror or suspense novels. However, this book seemed interesting to me. So I decided to give her a chance . It tells the story of a witch who lives in the forest on a throne of carved bones and waits for children who will beg her in their dreams to grant their

wishes. This seemed quite intriguing to me. So, let's try to get out of our comfort zone a little. I don't quite understand what exactly has changed in me as a person and as a reader. I used to really like darker stories, horror stories, true crimes, and things like that. I enjoyed them much more when I was younger. Maybe it's because I've had some really scary things happen in my life, and it's ruined everything a bit. It just stopped seeming even a little fun to me. It only reminded me of my own fears. This is not a criticism at all if you like dark and creepy stories. On the contrary, I respect you a lot because I'm...well, I'm just a very sensitive person. I also ordered two paperback books, which I think sound pretty exciting. I

love using the library when I can, but these books weren't in my local library, and I really wanted to read them. So I also wanted to support the authors, because the first book is "Kenny and the Book of Beasts" by Tony Dieterlizzi. This is the second part of the Kenny and the Dragon series, and I think it's just a magical story with beautiful illustrations. He's one of my favorite artists of all time, so I felt compelled to support his new work. I also picked up "Echoes of the North" by Joanna Ruth Meyer. I do n't know too much about the plot, only that it was recommended to me by a few people. It seems to have a lot of the atmosphere of the magical snowy countryside where I live for four, five or six months of the year. So I thought this would be a

perfect winter read. Quite a significant change in genres. I purchased the second book in the series "The Big Panda and the Little Dragon" by James Norbury. Norbury, Norbury. It's about two adorable characters named Panda and Little Dragon. They have so much wisdom and a beautiful vision of their world. In this story, Little Dragon tries to find a deeper meaning in his life. He feels lost, unsure of how to achieve self-realization, so they set off on a journey together. If you like the book " The Boy, the Mole, the Fox and the Horses", then this one is very similar to it. The last book I picked up was "The Green Wilderness" by Peri Thompson. It has a great

cover design and seems to be about a community of magical botanists, where the plants are very unique and have magical properties. They can grow and change shape, the plants in this story are intelligent, and there are these beautiful whimsical illustrations. So I really, really want to finish reading it, because I've already started it. I'm already on page 88. And finally, I didn't take the book. I purchased a set of information cards about plants. You see an image of the plant, and on the back is all the information about it. Not just the story, but also the symbolism, how to collect it and how to use it. For example, here is

purslane. These illustrations were created by herbalist Elizabeth Blackwell, who is a fascinating person and I think she is an incredible artist. So, these are the books I brought home today. As a bookseller, I don't often bring books home. I definitely developed self-control, but this was a special occasion, so I decided to take a few titles that I had been eyeing for a long time. Thank you all for supporting this channel through my Etsy shop. And I hope if you stop by the bookstore, you'll say hello if I'm there. Sending you lots of love. I hope you enjoyed this video. Goodbye.
