everyday self-care at my cottage - simple steps to start my day
2022-11-04

Good morning everyone. The time is seven in the morning. I'm starting this cloudy autumn day with a simple routine . I fix my hair and choose some jewelry if possible. As I got older, I had a serious acne problem. That's why I did n't like my morning routine at all, because I had to look in the mirror. I want to hug the past me and tell me to be patient, everything will change with time . I'll share how I improved my skin and my personal routine in the last part of this video for those who are interested Another thing

is, I really like these jars that I use to hide my things , as well as this Japanese-style flower pot that I found in second-hand stores I've been really liking some

new perfumes lately Applying them is my favorite part of my morning routine. I love scents. They have a very positive impact on me Today I

woke up very early because I wanted to prepare some ingredients before starting my important work . I especially wanted to make my favorite spice cake . Especially in the fall I love the flavors of vanilla, cloves, cinnamon, and nutmeg, and this cake has them all. It tastes like a gingerbread man d is great to and is great to eat during this time of the winter season Now all I have to do is control myself from tasting the batter before I put the cake in the oven . When the cake

was finished, it was still delicious, even though it was unfortunately a little overbaked. As it was cooling down , I went out with Eiger to look for seasonal decorations Snow berries are very abundant right now . They were so pretty to look at, even though I couldn't eat them , I thought I'd bring some home to make an arch . For me, yarrow and snow

berries are symbols of strength and peace. I love having icons like that in my house. They remind me to brave the coming winter, the new year, and make my dreams come true . I decided to decorate my spice cake with snow berries right then and there

. But don't worry , I didn't let anyone eat them. They are just for decoration . But sometimes it seems to me that it's better to prioritize beauty over practicality It's even better when decorating sweets like this, especially for festivals. Hello everyone. I hope you have a great week . I would now like to change the subject a little and share with you about my personal routine , because

a lot of people ask about this, and it makes me very happy Thank you. Thank you for your kind words . I wanted to share with you a very simple routine I've had since I made a video about self-care about a year ago . My routine has become even simpler, as I am just now dealing with the last signs of the skin problems of my teens and young adulthood My sister and I both suffered from a lot of skin problems while growing up . I used to have severe cystic acne that would spread all over my face. It made me feel very low . It seems easy to take skin problems lightly because they seem like a small matter, but in

reality, it is very difficult to live with constant pain and discomfort when you have skin problems. It's not just a matter of appearance. For skin care, I use a regular moisturizer and other creams prescribed by my dermatologist I will give you the details below , they have completely transformed my skin. When I was very young, I tried using Accutane , but I had a severe reaction to it . That would have been very scary So, that's not a suitable option for me. But yes, I got here with lifestyle changes, especially stress reduction, and advice from dermatologists many years ago, as well as advice from amazing experts on YouTube.

I have come a long way. So, no matter what skin problem you are suffering from, be patient, it takes time. When it comes to cosmetics, I like to keep it simple, but I have a lot of fun using them . I love glitter, so I sometimes put a little glitter on my eyes . I am using these perfume oils I also have another one from the Mythology Candle Company . This is taken from Perfume Oil Expressions. None of this is sponsored . I wanted to share with you that these are my favorite perfumes . I always used spray perfumes, which ad a lot of alcohol in them. In my had a lot of alcohol in them. In my case , I found that these last a very long time , that a very small amount is enough,

and that you do n't need to reapply them . Let me tell you about some of my favorite scents. I have many . I mostly like floral scents or scents that are a bit more cheerful and fresh . I also want to tell you that I actually wear glasses . I don't wear them when in front of the camera because sometimes the light reflection on them is too much So I wear glasses. I also have contact lenses. Yes, that is also part of my daily routine. If I didn't wear contact lenses , I would wear glasses . If you're also someone who doesn't look right you're welcome to our club. Many people ask me about my hair care routine. It's very simple . I mix leftover conditioner with water and

pour it into a spray bottle, detangle my hair and spray it every morning so my hair stays fresh all day. Or on some days when I don't have the patience to take care of that much hair I comb all my hair back, then it looks a little straighter. My hair is so thick that it's enough for two people, it's so thick and curly . Although it may look good , to be honest, there are many different things in my hair . A while ago when I was at the grocery store , a woman came up behind me and told me that a bee was stuck in my hair. That poor bee was trying hard to get out of my hair , but the hair was too thick for it to get out. I am very

sad. I took that bee outside into the garden hoping it was okay . What a day! That's a nightmare. Yes, it may seem strange to talk about these things, but I think it will be very helpful to others . I wish you all a very good week . The most interesting thing about you will never be your outward appearance . I send my love to all of you I will be there.
