"rest is not idleness" - another pace of life in a forest cottage
2023-10-11

One of my favorite literary heroines , Anne Shirley, once said, “I am so glad to live in a world where there is October,” and this morning, as I was baking scones, I couldn’t help but agree. It's already a little chilly outside. The leaves are steadily falling, the poplars are shining harbingers of frost, and the squirrels are busy gathering winter supplies. In a few hours I'll be taking a walk, stopping by my bookstore along the way. And I'm looking at natural materials that I can gather for temporary seasonal decor in my home. After all, this season for me is about simplicity and trying to be attentive to the moment. Ovva. Oho. October turned out to be

surprisingly busy. It's time to decorate the bookstore for the harvest season and pick out some fall books, including one that I'll mention later and that made me cry in the best sense of the word. Today, during my walk, I wrote a little autumn poem that I hope you will like. It is inspired by my recent watercolor drawing. Tired by the autumn twilight, the girl and the fox went to bed to dream of honeycombs and majestic fields. They sway gently to the melody of the leaves. And even the fairies watch quietly, admiring the beauty of the sleeping fox and

the child. Do n't let the sunlight fool you

. It's really quite cold today. I enjoy an autumn walk and collect different types of leaves: aspen, willow, birch, and maybe larch branches if I can get to the mountains. And I will use them to decorate the house until fall. There is so much that you can take for free, and it can all be composted later. It was a truly peaceful and mindful experience to get out into nature today and truly enjoy October . This is such a special month. There is o much folklore and so much folklore and fairy tales associated with this time of year, when everything around us changes and transforms. So I'll try to find some more leaves, and then I'll take them home and decorate the house a little.

Greetings. My God. Greetings. Okay, let's go. Beauty. Good boy. When I

got home, I added leaves to the windows for October decor and explained to my cat that she could remove and destroy them no earlier than November 1st. Let's see if she listens. If you want to decorate your windows with fallen leaves this season, simply spread them out in a book for a couple of weeks or dip fresh leaves in melted wax and stick them on with removable adhesive. I'll add some links below with more information. Also , I am so happy to announce the almost complete completion of our

rabbit shelter. This was my husband's project, and he did a great job creating a safe place for future rescued rabbits. We still need to replace some plants with rabbit-safe ones, but they know what to avoid and are already eating our weeds. I love seeing animals running free. It reminds me of how important it is to be grateful that cool weather and space to play are enough. And sometimes that's all we need for joy. Greetings. As you can see, this

video is just a small update on everything that is happening at the cottage, on the grounds, and in the valley. So much is happening, this October has been quite eventful. So I just wanted to share a piece of that . I hope you can also share your impressions of October in the comments below. To be honest, I don't really like scary things. I, um, quickly run away from anything to do with ghosts and scary stories around the campfire. I love mysteries, but I get scared easily. I have accepted who I am. And I really respect people who can endure all this horror. Some of my favorite people love going to places that are considered abandoned or haunted. And me, I

could just never do anything like that . I would be the first victim in almost every horror movie you've seen because I would just faint. In any case, that doesn't mean I'm not celebrating this October. I, um, just enjoy decorating. I love to honor nature and the seasons. So that's my main focus during this period. There are also a few books that I've read and really enjoyed recently. I know many people are tired of book recommendations, so I'll be very, very, very brief. I promise. However, a book I recently read changed me as a person and made me cry so much that I just had to share it. And this book is "The Chronicles of a Wandering Cat." If you are a cat lover or just an animal lover, if you just love

pets, you will definitely like this story. And I also feel like it's the perfect read for fall. The leaves on the cover look like autumn leaves. Although I do n't remember how specific it was about the seasons. However, I don't think that really changes the fact that this book has the same cozy, quiet story-about- life vibe that I love so much when it gets a little colder. I love reading books that encourage reflection and mindfulness, and that make me think deeply about life as I enter winter, which for me is a great time for reflection. This book is quite well-known, so I won't say much about it. However, there is

one thing I started doing recently that I have simply fallen in love with—is taking books from my personal library and making notes on their backs. I don't really annotate them because I can't stop often while reading to take notes. I just forget to do it. However, I made a note on the back of this book, on the blank flyleaf. I simply briefly outlined my thoughts and what moved me about this book. I thought this would be a great way to fill all the books in my library with a special message in each one . So if I give them to someone to read or someone in my family takes them, they can read after the story why it means so much to me. So I decided to read this entry to you so you can have an

idea. I simply adore this book. She broke my heart in the best sense of the word. I think it's partly because I love cats, but this story was much deeper. It's about how to positively influence others by simply trying to be a good person, even if sometimes you fail. It's about realizing that everyone you interact with every day, every person you meet, feels a direct impact of your personality. And if you simply strive to radiate light , you will make the world a better place. It's that simple. I also think this story shows how a small act of kindness, like one shown to a cat, can change both lives for the better. We benefit ourselves from being kind to others. This benefits us in many ways. It also teaches us to be

kind to ourselves and accept ourselves as we are. None of us know for sure how long we will live. And I think that's why our relationships matter, why we matter, and why kindness matters. We don't have to change history. We don't need to be extremely successful people by external standards. We just need to be kind, and it's that simple. It made me cry, and I'm crying again just talking about it. Okay, let's move on. Moving on, on the other hand, I'm also reading a new installment of stories from the Shady Hol series, which is very autumnal. So, if you want something specifically related to October, Halloween, and similar themes, I highly recommend this. I know it

was a bit of a simple update video this week. I think highlighting all of these simple moments this week meant a lot to me, as did focusing on the things that bring me joy. So, I hope the same for you. I hope you have a great week and I'll see you very soon in my next video. And thanks again for all the support of my Etsy shop. I really appreciate it. I plan to add several products to the range in the coming weeks . So, I am very, very grateful to you and sending you lots of love. See you later.
