I found a cabin in the forest - searching for a new house - renovating a barn
2021-11-11

Good morning, friends. I must say it's very cold here. There is frost covering my windows at dawn and there is a forecast of snow. It's fascinating to walk outdoors and soak up the atmosphere at this time of year because there's activity everywhere. Small creatures scampering about and coyotes howling all night. I've seen a lot more ospreys and owls lately. The animals, who are clearly expecting a change in the weather, are visibly making an effort to prepare. Goldfinches and quails are everywhere, scratching the ground in search of seeds. I love watching them from my window. Hey, hey, hey. As you may know, I've been looking for my own

home for some time now. It has been discouraging at times, especially lately. I enjoy renting, but I would like to have a permanent place. For a long time, I wasn't in favor of the idea of ​​settling down. Mainly because I was used to a more nomadic life, and traveling is the most interesting way I can spend my time. But I've come to understand that it's also valuable to know a special place like the back of your hand. Knowing its details, the changing landscape through the seasons, eating food grown by oneself, calling a place home. I've decided I've found where I want to live and an unexpected opportunity has presented itself. A home that both my fiancé and I, with a lot of effort, could buy next year. We are very excited.

It seems to be one of those rare houses that we could actually afford. And my heart has been beating fast ever since I received the news and I just had to share it with you. It's cold here. I woke up to about two

centimeters of snow and it's almost melted now. But it was very cold this morning and I realize that autumn is definitely going by quickly and it will be a long winter. I'm excited for winter, but at the same time I really wish autumn would stay a few more weeks. It would be so nice, but that's not how things work around here. Anyway, I have extremely exciting news and I haven't been able to contain myself this week; I wanted to share a little because there have been some recent developments, I 'm still processing it, I'm still a bit shocked and not sure what to think. But I wanted to share a little bit

because what's happening is exciting. As I've mentioned in previous videos, I've always been looking for an affordable property to remodel or a small piece of land where maybe someday, in 10, 15, or 20 years, I can finally build a small home that I can call my own. And I was starting to feel really discouraged about that idea after the world changed, because housing prices in this area went from being, you know, somewhat affordable to insane . They simply skyrocketed, and even very small houses became unreachable. And to be honest, it was really discouraging. And I was already

starting to let go of that dream, thinking maybe about just renting and, you know, hoping for the best and seeing where that takes me, something I was very willing to do. But very recently, my fiancé Luke surprised me with some news. And since then, we've been closely following developments regarding a possible new home. So I'm a little afraid of messing it up, but I think it'll be okay. Luke has been very patient, even going to see properties that interested me before, and has always encouraged me to keep looking for a small place that might be affordable. Luke recently shared with me

that his parents have an old barn on their property, and it's a fairly large and rather square structure. I'll show you some clips, but it's a beautiful barn, very beautiful , and her parents had long thought about renovating it a bit to make it more of a home. It used to be a house for horses and hay, and it had a barn; His father told me all about it and it was a lot of fun learning about his story. Both Luke and his dad have experience in construction and building. So her dad has been working on it recently to try to turn it into a place that can be a dwelling and, potentially, a home for us. And we've started talking about it, and it's been a very,

very exciting process. So I felt it was something fun to share with you. Although nothing is decided yet, it certainly seems like a very exciting and very possible prospect for next year, because we were hoping to get married in May and then move into a new home. Anyway, it got me thinking about how so many people contact me talking about their dreams of the ideal house and what they hope to have in the future and all that. And I've always felt very connected to that because I 've always dreamed of that, you know, perfect home in the perfect location and with the perfect situation, you know. And I think we all

love to think about those dreams and fantasize a little, you know? And the real-life version often involves many compromises, and things aren't exactly as you imagine them in your head. But then you realize that maybe they're even better than you imagined because they're part of your real story, and nothing is perfect. And I think that's what makes it so beautiful.
