the art of living as your true self - the beauty and challenges
2022-07-03

Since last year, I've been trying to start my day with a walk in the woods before work. I began this process when I set out to write the book a year ago, taking a pen and journal with me to record observations for later reference. Now that summer is taking hold and forcing wildflowers to set seed, I appreciate these cool morning adventures, looking for any little treasures along the way. For example, today I found some wild rose and a delicious plant known as " miner's lettuce" or " miner's lettuce." It has such a crunchy and sweet taste that I just had to add it to my morning meal. In this video, I

wanted to respond to a comment that has been appearing since I created this channel many years ago. If I like a quiet and peaceful life alone, why am I sharing it on the internet? Does this go against my more introverted nature or does it completely contradict it? This is an interesting question, because even though I like to be alone and sometimes I need to be alone , I still deeply value human interaction. And I think that's not inconsistent with being a quieter person who recovers in solitude. My inner world is so bright, full of complexity and interesting things. This is where I draw my energy from, and I want to share it with others while staying true to myself. These videos, for example, are

my way of taking care of my mental health, of remembering that in both good and bad days there is beauty worth noticing and celebrating, even if life is never perfect. I may not always

go to parties or socialize a lot, but I still find contact with others using my own language, which is unique to each of us. I've done videos on this topic before, but I live with a condition that can leave me extremely exhausted and very, very depressed on certain days of the month. After seeking medical attention, I lead a happy life despite this, but sometimes the illness can still put me in bed and limit my activities. This can make socializing even more difficult because it takes a little more effort to find soulmates outside the city, as we are literally further apart . And having an illness, coupled with a quieter disposition, can make it difficult to socialize as

often as I might in a more densely populated area. In my case, I see that making such efforts has a positive impact on my mental health. Therefore, once or twice a week I definitely participate in some social activity. Whether it's working at my bookstore, planning a board game night, or just having dinner with a friend. Even if my more introverted self would rather hide in my little hole. Challenging myself helps me, although I don't always realize it at the same time. In addition, working on the Internet and being able to share

the beauty of this valley with you is part of my communication language. I'm sharing this because I know there are definitely many people who can relate to this. It's worth looking on the bright side of life when the going gets tough, seeing the beauty in the mundane, and celebrating the moments we often overlook in our haste. For a long time, I was ashamed of the fact that I was often alone and had only a few close friends, because most media glorifies very sociable people. And I believe they should be honored, but not forgotten to celebrate every personality, whether quieter or louder, shy or confident. Each of us has a unique light. And with that, I thank all of you, because making these videos has really helped

me become more confident and grow as a person. I share what I love online, and it helps me communicate in my own way, through art, knowing that there are many ways to show love. It helps me get out of dark moments and focus on what I'm grateful for, even if it's as simple as the pansy flowers in my garden. I hope you

all have a wonderful week. I'll spend mine working on these little pocket diaries. Thank you to everyone who ordered one, as well as everyone who ordered a copy of my book. I really appreciate it. This really means a lot to me. I send you all my love. Oh. So, I

apologize for the background. Um, I don't have any space for my books yet. They seem to be everywhere for me. Also, I'm not sure if it shows on camera, so it might not matter, but I have a red bump under my eye. Don't worry. I'm fine. This is a spider bite, the second one I got during the hike, which is just weird. I've been walking and hiking almost my whole life and I've never gotten two spider bites in two weeks of hiking, it's so strange. This is very strange. I am absolutely terrified

of the thought of walking through the woods with a spider on my face. This...this is terrible. This is absolutely terrible. I get asked this question a lot, and I'll try to explain it without making obscene gestures, but my middle finger on my right hand looks really weird, and many people have approached me worried about the condition of my hand. And, yes, it looks a little twisted, and I wanted to explain that this is not at all a symptom of some hidden disease. When I was a kid, my sister and I had a pair of princess shoes, and I wanted one of them, and I ran after her, and she slammed the door, and I accidentally put my

toes in just as she was closing it, so I crushed the bones on that toe and lost a nail. Fortunately, most of it was fixed, but it still looks a bit strange. But yeah, I just wanted to let you know that this is not a medical issue; it's just my weird hand. And also, since it sounds like I'm blaming everything solely on my sister, I was definitely an active participant in that event. Believe it or not, sometimes I was still that mischievous girl. Anyway , my sister and I are best friends, and I don't hold a grudge against her; it's just one of those stupid childish pranks that happens when you're really little. So, that's it , this is my

explanation for my strange hand. Also , I wanted to thank all of you again who showed great interest in the magazines I created and pre-ordered my book. This means a lot to me. Thank you very, very much. And yes, I would love to know in the comments how exactly you communicate with other people, what your love language is, how you share your light with the world, and in what form it happens. I remember asking a similar question a year or two ago, and someone shared that one way to make contact, even if they're not very friendly, is to just smile at people on the subway, bus, or wherever, and I think that's really sweet. One thing I

did recently was put a little sticker on my car with a motivating and encouraging message for anyone who might be having a tough day. Another thing I also really love to do, and which is actually a huge part of this channel, even though I do n't talk about it often , is supporting my local conservation group, as well as participating in reforestation and rehabilitation projects through donations and tree planting. And for me, it's one of the most meaningful ways to connect with other people, because even though it's not always direct contact with the larger community, I know that in a decade, all the trees that I've planted will become this

amazingly beautiful forest. It is a gift that will continue to help not only individuals but the entire planet for many years to come. And I think that's just great. Please share your thoughts below. I am always interested in hearing other people's stories and experiences. I send you my love and I will see you again very soon . See you later. 3 2 1
