putting the finishing touches on my ‘treehouse cottage’ - fairytale home
2022-07-24

As you well know I have been feeling very tired and with mixed feelings due to the huge changes that have taken place in my life over the past few weeks . I've noticed that my creativity leaves me when I'm stressed . When I feel like painting again, creating something new, decorating, that's a great sign that I'm recovering. So, to get that creativity back , I decided to decorate my house with something new . Due to work pressure and lack of time, I neglected the box containing wedding gifts and some new and old items . Finally, I decided to not only clean my house

, but also add a bit of newness and beauty to it . Oscar Wilde once said, "You must be exactly who you are, because everyone else already has who they are ." When I first heard that, it seemed very clever As I grew older and saw the world, I came to know the true meaning of that word. It is very easy to set aside our true personality , to become someone we are not . We spend time living in our own shadow, unable to accept certain parts of ourselves . I did that for a long time ; I was afraid to admit to myself, worried that I would look strange, while explaining my interests to thers others . It's great to move forward beyond that fear

. As for me , as a creative person, decorating my home with different colors and innovative details gives me great satisfaction . So, today I want

o show you some small chores I've been doing at home to show you some small chores I've been doing at home . If you look around you will see that I am inspired by books and movies that depict nature and imaginary things in a wonderful way . In particular, I love films that are hand-painted by artists. Growing up, I used to be a bit shy about watching animated movies , and wouldn't talk about it unless other people liked it . To explain why we shouldn't be ashamed of what we like , I'll use this habit of mine as an example. Because if you know why you like something and you're comfortable with it you can enjoy it without fear . For example, I like animated films

because they are the collaborative work of many artists. That is very hard work. The movies I love the most aim to make the audience imagine other possibilities, question the limits of this world, romanticize life, and celebrate hope and friendship even in the midst of pain and hardship . They seem fun, interesting to me, and feel safe because I associate them with warm, positive memories of childhood. Some examples of

movies I love are Maya's amazing animations, Wind in the Willows from 1995, Song of the Sea , Hilda, and The Tales of Beatrix Potter. There are so many favorite movies and shows . My love for this strange and magical thing is reflected in my home. So, while I was collecting flowers

from the garden to decorate the house , these little flowers appeared. These just bloomed the other day so I didn't know they were growing, and I don't even remember planting snapdragons. Whenever I saw these in the garden as a child , I would talk to them and the gods of the magical world . Yes, the next time you see these snapdragons in your garden try talking to the gods with them . Maybe it can work. Who knows? I hope some of you will receive it this week

. Take a minute to take a journal or mentally write down not only what you like , but why you like it and what it tells you about it This is a powerful exercise and can be a step towards developing a friendship with yourself Thank you everyone for all the kind words you have given to my last few videos. The

love you have shown is very valuable. It really inspired me to reconnect with what I love about making videos and beautifying my home . It also helped me complete small tasks that I had always wanted to complete. I got so caught up in the busyness of work and life that I couldn't make time to finish the many things I was doing and try new things . That's why I first took some time off to motivate myself I actually took a whole weekend for myself , and it felt so luxurious . It's really wonderful to have a few days without any important tasks that need to be completed quickly

. That made a lot of difference I read most of my favorite books during that time , and they always inspire my creativity at home . I also re-watched my favorite childhood movies for inspiration because the things I love about building a beautiful home are directly inspired by the books, art, and movies that were so important to me growing up. I'm reminded again of that small, peaceful part of me that gets neglected when I'm busy . All things considered, I firmly believe that for a house to feel strange and wonderful, it must have life in it . Bringing plants into your home, or putting nature-

inspired paintings on the walls , or having a pet , all of these things make my home feel so vibrant and full of love. And I really like that. Anyway, I send my love to you all . I'm going to close my Etsy shop for a while . I'm not sure how long , but it could take a long time because I have other small projects to start . So, if you would like to support this channel in that way I would be very grateful. I put a sticker I created on every order and also include a few extra items with each one . I wanted to find a way to express my gratitude for your support . It means a lot to me at this time . If you're near me at the end of August,

I'm doing a book signing event at the end of that month . I am providing the details below for those who are interested. I do n't expect many people to come because I'm in a remote area, but if you can come that far, I'd love to meet you, but no pressure. Okay, I'm sending my love to all of you . Thank you again for your encouraging words , and I will see you soon. Goodbye. Mmm.
