life after addiction - a story of renewal and recovery in the countryside
2021-09-09

Today I want to tell you a story. And don't worry, it's a very happy story. I made a few videos about why I moved to my cottage, but I always left out an important part of the story, mostly because I didn't want to talk about it. But as my channel has grown and I've seen what a wonderful community it is, I wanted to share a piece of my journey in the hopes that it will help others, or at least give you strength, even if changing your life sometimes seems impossible. I also don't want the word "addiction" to sound alarming, especially because addiction is a common phenomenon, and I think we need to acknowledge that. My addiction was mostly an invisible struggle that I hid from

everyone I knew. Even in the worst times, I spent time with friends, got only the highest grades in school, and did well at work. Nobody knew. Yet my health was deteriorating, and it was only a matter of time before this masquerade would end. My addictions were not something that many would consider very extreme. Many people have habits and behaviors that negatively impact their lives in one way or another , and often don't even realize they need to change something. I hope these habits never affect them too much. But sometimes it happens, and it should be taken seriously. In my case, in an attempt to cope with stress,

I overworked, barely slept, and drank liters of caffeine a day to stay on track. It was horrible and I'm surprised my teeth are still intact. I had an extremely poor diet, and combined with a very stressful job, my health was ruined. I was constantly sick and so nervous that I could barely eat without feeling stomach problems. I was addicted to all these habits because they kept me from feeling too acutely and simplified the world. But when I opened up to someone, they often brushed it off, thinking it wasn't too serious. Mainly because their image of an addicted person was completely different and much more extreme. I'm concerned about this mentality because it

fuels the idea that we shouldn't take behavioral problems seriously until they directly threaten our lives or lead to their complete collapse. By waiting until the moment to try to change or provide support to someone, we get much more lasting consequences and the path to recovery becomes more difficult. To this day, I try to step in and offer support to others as soon as they first tell me what they are going through. Sometimes I ask myself. It doesn't matter if I think the problem is serious, because I can always offer my love and be ready to listen, knowing that in the end, only the person themselves can change their life . I prefer to talk about the

recovery period that followed that time in my life. It was a slow process, so slow that sometimes it felt like I wasn't moving forward at all. It was only many years later that I realized how far I had come. This journey led me to this little house in the mountains and to a lifestyle that sought to transform a home into a true haven. I still had to work long hours, manage relationships, deal with deadlines, worries, and mistakes, but I had something new to add to my life. Things that brought me peace and joy, and reawakened my curiosity about the world. And thanks to this, connecting with nature, I tuned into a new rhythm, completely opposite to the way I lived before. to this little

house. I brought my very grumpy rabbit named Mr. Darcy, and later bought my first dog, a very funny English Labrador named Eiger. He has the ability to be so incredibly annoying that you are practically forced to take him for walks several times a day, regardless of the weather. And I'm very grateful for that, because it forces me to go outside, even if I would normally stay home. Of course, moving somewhere is never necessary to make big changes. You can change your life, wherever you are. If I were still living in the city, I would pay more attention to home comfort, seek out more positive friends, and distance myself from people who influence me negatively. I would go to museums and

exhibitions, visit the library, and maybe even join a book club. I would grow a flower garden on my balcony or windowsill, no matter how small it was. Even if I only had a few pots of flowers and undemanding plants, I would follow the phases of the moon, the sun, and the seasons, create a spiritual practice, and enjoy whatever little bits of nature I could find. Even if it means occasionally going to the nearest park or lake, we can connect with our world and something bigger wherever we are. Sometimes it just takes a little creativity. When I began my recovery, I had no choice but to move to find a better teaching job. Once in my little house, I finally had to face

many things I had previously run away from. I was close to my family, and while they supported and loved me, they also held me accountable for my health and well-being. I was no longer invisible. I could no longer afford to live the way I used to. When I first arrived , I was given a book about personality types, which was very useful to me and marked the beginning of my journey. In it, the author talks about her theory that a certain part of the population is born highly sensitive. Not only do sounds, smells, and events affect them intensely, but also feelings. They may be prone to anxious thoughts or melancholy, but they also have the ability to connect deeply with others, enjoy a rich inner world, and experience an almost incredible

level of empathy. She compared this character trait to the metaphor of a canary in a coal mine. It is said that miners used to take cages of canaries with them into the mines because the bird, having a more fragile body, was the first to feel the effects of carbon monoxide in the air and die from it. thereby giving the miners time to escape without suffering serious harm. The author argued that some people, like canaries, may be more sensitive to their surroundings than others, but are also more susceptible to the effects of stressors. They are born that way and often remain incomprehensible, even to themselves . Unfortunately, in a world that can be quite fast-paced and loud, highly sensitive people may tend to seek out negative

coping mechanisms to cope with unwanted emotions, sometimes self- medicating through destructive behaviors. This can sometimes lead to addiction. While this certainly does n't apply to everyone, it's what pushed me to seek out unhealthy ways to cope with adulthood. Ways to numb and ease the thoughts and feelings racing through your head, to make the world seem simpler, even if only for a short while. I was willing to sacrifice long-term happiness to make short-term life more bearable. However, over time, I became increasingly aware of how desperately I wanted to be happy. And to do that, I needed to stop being so afraid of life. I know that fear definitely

holds many of us back, and that's understandable. For me, recovering from addiction meant leaving behind everything I knew—the only comfort I had . It was like losing a good friend. As a fairy tale lover, I began to heal by romanticizing aspects of my life, perceiving fear as an inevitable test that all of my fairy tale characters had to face to fulfill their purpose. Perhaps one of the hardest parts of my recovery was accepting the fact that my life would never be as easy as it was when I was self-medicating. I always have stressful moments when I look at the past through rose-colored glasses and miss a time that, while painful, was simpler. But every day I wake up and notice something new.

Maybe it's a spider web covered in dew on my trellis, or a " witch's ring" growing in the forest. And life is beautiful precisely because sometimes it is difficult. I hope you have a wonderful day or evening , and I'll see you next week with the fairy tale I'm working on. I wish you all the best. Sending my love.
