my family is growing - something happened at the cottage!
2022-04-24

has been a new addition to our house. She came into our lives quite unexpectedly. I have long dreamed of a kitten, and, perhaps, fate itself brought her to us. Although I enjoyed working alone, it's so nice to have such lovely company. It all worked out for the best, because I had to close the bookstore for a few weeks while we had a lull in anticipation of the tourist season at the end of spring. I was worried that such a change might be a little lonely. And funny enough, as soon as I heard the news, I knew we were going to have a kitten. It's amazing how when you open your heart, little angels find their way into your life and give you much- needed company. One of the

reasons I love cats so much is that they are incredibly observant. Everything: light, shadows, movement, and even the rustle of the wind. She notices all this and reminds me to pay attention to it too. So yes, a few days

ago I happened to find out about a kitten who really needed a home just a couple of hours away from here. And I rather impulsively got in the car and drove there to look at it. I fell in love. So I took her home, and she is gradually getting used to the new place. She has already made friends with Mr. Darcy, and he is so gentle with her that they are constantly huddled together and get along wonderfully . I am so happy to have a cat in my life again. If you have any name suggestions, please email me. I was thinking of calling her Mi. This is the name of a very delicious drink in Puerto Rico,

made from the fermented bark of the maui tree. I thought it would be good to continue the tropical theme, because my previous cat, who was very dear to my heart, was named Mango. So I would like to continue using tropical names. That would be interesting and would definitely be a tribute to Puerto Rico. Today I spent a lot of time replanting my herbs. I wanted to challenge myself and try to grow a wide variety of herbs this year, which I know can be dried and used in the winter. So that's my goal for today. I wish you all the best. I'll go change. I'm covered in cat fur, so I'm going to put on a new dress,

go for a walk, and enjoy all the wildflowers and balsam root that have just bloomed. So see you very soon. Sending my love. See you later. Because of the large number of

wild animals in this area, I decided that the kitten would live in a house. However, I have to compromise on spring flowers, as I can't imagine my life without them. I take her for walks in a small carrier and let her enjoy the flowers for a few minutes before we return to the safety of the house. Seeing nature through their eyes reminds me that there is so much magic around. I noticed that at night I would

go out onto the porch, look at the moon, and enjoy the atmosphere of the forest area, which was so different from the prairies where I had lived before. And it's really creepy sometimes, but at the same time calming at night when there are so many trees around. And I really like it. It feels so different and it really is very magical. As you can see, the week turned out to be very eventful and wonderful, and I simply enjoyed the time spent with the kitten. It's so great to have her company, and since I'm spending more time at home now because I took a break from the bookstore until the tourist season picks up, I wanted to have some

extra company at home. It's so wonderful how everything is coming together, and I'm just happy she's around. Actually , we don't have Wi-Fi in this house right now. We've been trying to get Starlink connected, but we won't be able to get it until next year. I think there is a lot of demand in this area, so I hope we get it pretty soon. But in the meantime, I have to admit that watching the kitten run around and do little tricks—oh my, that's more than enough entertainment for us. So we just spend our evenings together watching her games, and it's incredibly interesting. In any case, the house is not quite ready yet. The work is still ongoing, so I can't

show you much of the house right now, but we're well on our way to completion. I'm decluttering, trying to decorate the house, and hoping to paint the lower level of the house soon. So, there are many plans. This video will be out very soon. In the meantime, I will share with you all the delights of spring here. I had a really tough few weeks ago, and although I was trying to recover and feel better after the move, it was so great to see so much sunshine. However, we have vet visits next week, and I hope the kitten continues to be as happy and healthy as ever. And yes, please let me know if

you have any suggestions for a name. Although it's quite funny how sometimes kittens choose their own name. She's very brave, very sociable, so we'll see what name suits her. I was looking at the calendar today and realized that I'm getting married in almost exactly one month. And it made me realize that there is still a lot of work ahead. So we're definitely going to be very busy in the coming weeks. And I will keep you updated on how things progress. My grandmother comes from Puerto Rico, as does my sister Lianna. And I'm just thrilled to see them. We are going to get the whole family together. The kitten is growing so fast, so I'm sure the next time you see her, she'll be much bigger. So I'm

enjoying every minute while she's still at that age. Hello, little one. Goodbye. Goodbye.
