everything is about to change again - property tour and life update in the countryside
2022-05-15

Good day. There have been a lot of spring rains lately, and it's fitting—they've led to an exceptionally bountiful mushroom hunting season. I take great pleasure in wandering through places that were once burned, finding wrinkles hidden among the ash and soot. Today I wanted to share what I've been up to, and also give a little tour of my plot. Like in my last video, I didn't quite get my hands on this one. I plan to show everything with the camera around the 12th minute of the video, so

you can skip straight to that if you want. Personally, I get a lot of satisfaction from creating longer videos that cover a larger part of my day. For me, a big part of this video is about where I live, in a broader sense, because I think a lot of locals would agree: when you live in a place like this, the valley is an extension of your home. This time of year, I love to prepare an

aromatic blend of my favorite flowers and scents. You can add your favorite ingredients and leave it on the stove as a floating bouquet, or put it on a slow fire to make it smell wonderful all around . This is such a simple and beautiful way to honor spring. Maybe it's noticeable on my

face, but wedding preparations have been ramping up lately . I'm getting married. By the time this video comes out, my wedding will be just a week away. So I have a lot of things to do. And because of that, I didn't get much sleep last night. I have to admit, this happens sometimes. And, uh, I'm a little tired. But I knew: the one thing that always brings me back to life when I feel exhausted is time spent among flowers and walks in new places for me. If you hear the sounds in the background: Luke and I collected all these pine cones and bits of

moss to put in solar-powered lanterns as gifts for everyone. And the kitten plays with all this. Thanks to popular support for the name Movi, in honor of the movi tree, we named the kitten Movi. You could say that " mauvi" is probably more correct, but " movi" is easier for many people to pronounce. So we settled on this option. And yes, she is a real troublemaker. She has so much energy now. She is learning to control her paws and is simply enjoying life to the fullest. And it really inspires me to do the same. So, while walking among the wildflowers, I found a small piece of wood in the shape of a diamond. I remember being so

excited that I sent a picture of it to my fiancé because I thought it was the most amazing thing, because there was a hole in the middle. Hmm, perfect size to look through . According to fairy tales, there is a so-called " witch stone" - a stone with a natural hole in the middle. Legend has it that if you look into this hole, you will receive an invitation to look through a portal into the land of fairies. Although it wasn't a rock but a piece of wood, it looked like a real potential portal to the fairies to me. So my inner child was very, very happy with this find. It was a real treasure. She is so noisy. Sorry if she kept

interrupting this story. Why are you so noisy? Anyway , I took it and put it in my pocket so I wouldn't lose it, buttoned the pocket , but when I returned from my walk, I couldn't find it. It was no longer in my pocket. I was so disappointed because I thought it was such a fun little treasure to bring home. But yeah, I think maybe the fairies are playing with me, because I really wanted to show you that little portal. This is the tragedy of the magic stone that I found and lost under mysterious circumstances. So, here it is. Here's a

story that would have captivated me at the age of seven. I think when we revisit things from our childhood or favorite activities, we often add a layer of self-criticism to what we do. And this prevents us from truly relaxing and enjoying ourselves . So I think a great practice is to just let it go. I know that as a child I looked at the world with such wonder and admiration. And rediscovering that magic is very powerful. And I think if we let go of worrying about what others might think, or what another part of

us might think about that childish part, we can discover so much more of what we truly love. You look for little treasures or interesting corners that you would n't notice if you perceived the hike only as a workout or some mandatory task. And I'm sitting here watching my bread come in. I think it's almost ready to bake. My whole family comes to visit, even my grandmother from Puerto Rico. They will all be here soon. So I wanted to bake them bread to celebrate the meeting. I haven't seen some of them in years. This is what is on the agenda today. And, of course, there is no greater treasure I could give them at this time of year than wrinkle mushrooms, because they are very

mysterious and amazing mushrooms that grow in this area in the spring. Now I'm going to go make some bread, put it in the oven, and I'll see you soon. Mauvi, oh my god, what have you done? Here is the bread, and I can't

resist. I have to share with you probably one of my favorite, most calming sounds , and it's this sound. I thought it would be worth showing you a little tour of our site today. It's difficult because I have neighbors here, and they live much closer than where I lived before. So I don't want to show their houses, simply because I would be embarrassed to do so. But I'll show you a little bit of what it looks like and feels like here in the spring, because it's a wonderful, very romantic time, if I can't find a better

description. With all these flowers, everything around seems so lush and green. I won't be taking a tour of the garden just yet Many of the wildflowers I grow, like calendula and marigolds, really bloom when it gets warmer in the summer. So I'll wait until then to show you what I've grown. In the meantime, I thought I'd show you a few short videos of what it's like outside, although I'll try not to film the neighbors' houses. So, when you walk out our front door, the first thing you see is a very interesting art object. Luke is building us an arch for our wedding, and he's trying to make it out of aspen trees that burned down in last year's fire. He has

n't quite finished it yet , but it looks great. There is a layer of gravel around the house , which will help protect it in the event of a forest fire, which, unfortunately, is quite likely . This little path leads to the house, and my dog ​​loves it very much . There are so many trees, bushes, and flowers around, everything looks so luxurious. It's hard to believe that it will be so dry here in a few months. And here, unfortunately, the camera shakes again, because I probably can't stand still for a second while I'm filming. But yes, we don't have paved roads. Everything around is dirt and quite dusty,

but he likes it because it doesn't hurt his paws. And in the summer, when the asphalt usually gets too hot, he can safely walk on these roads. Fortunately, it doesn't take that long to get to the city . Although you have to travel a bit . We have mobile reception here, so we use the Internet via a hotspot and hope to connect Starlink soon. And here you see the old treehouse that my fiancé Luke built when he was a little boy. It stands on the plot of land of my future relatives. I think it's so sweet that we can live so close to where he grew up. Living in the forest means

we have to take extra safety precautions because of wild animals. For example, a bear had already rummaged through our trash several times, so we had to look for new solutions. The trees are full of squirrels and other animals, and my dog has to get used to this constant noise. This place is completely unlike where I lived before, but I love this adventure full of discoveries. The most common plants growing on our site are delphiniums, balsam root, arnica, lupine, claytonia, bellflowers, as well as many irga bushes. And this list can be continued endlessly. If you've ever been curious about

plants in your area, I highly recommend using a mobile app if you don't have access to experts. This is a great way to start learning what these plants are. You may be surprised by what grows near you. I used the Picture This app before, it was great for identification and gave me a starting point for verifying information. The whole area has such a magical natural fence. It was built to keep horses, as it was a converted barn , and Luke's father kept horses here. We live on a plot of about an acre and are connected to a

shared area in the woods. We have a few neighbors and it's just great. They were all so welcoming and kind. Starting a new life here is so exciting. Sending you all my love and I hope you enjoyed it. And when you see me next time, I'll be married. So this is really very exciting. Good night , see you soon.
