where I've been
2025-05-12

Hello there. It's been a while. A lot has changed at the cottage. Where do I even begin? I suppose with the fact that I have a soon-to-be toddler. I have been navigating the raw, overwhelming, painful, and fascinating journey of metrics. Day by day, I fall more in love. Day by day, I discover new things about myself. I have grieved the temporary loss of certain hobbies that I don't have time for anymore. I've found

joy in discovering new interests and sharing a vibrant world with a curious little soul. Sometimes I've desperately wanted to be alone and in a quiet place. On chilly mornings, I cannot imagine anywhere better to be than cuddled up with a tiny fairy and hear them laugh. Many shifting contradictory emotions that remind me of just how human I am. We contain multitudes indeed. I've been working at my little

bookstore, piecing together a sort of eclectic career. I still make videos for Patreon, which has become a place of connection and joy for me. I sell my poetry books on Etsy. I take work locally as a photographer. And thanks to the kindness of so many kindred spirits, I found a sense of stability during this new life away from YouTube. But things are ever changing. That I know. And I've accepted that someday, no doubt, things will once again shift. So, cheers to the journey. and to staying curious and hopeful. I know for many including myself, this year has felt uncertain and scary at times. And that is why I wanted to share a little update with you simply

to send you some love. I encourage you to be bold and thrive in an imperfect world and find small ways to shine your light, your goodness, your heart song. And just like that, you've made the world a better place. I suppose all this means that I'm on a winding path. Where it will lead someday doesn't really matter. Only that I continue along, stumbling and skipping and wandering here and there. Once we begin to explore the landscape of the soul, life is never the same again. Neither is it boring. It just keeps evolving. I have spent enough of my life

preparing to live. I don't want to waste one more moment anywhere but here. Sending all my love. Goodbye.
