I'm not sure what I'm doing anymore - another side of life in the forest
2022-07-10

You don't like it. Without a doubt, the main

reason my anxiety has become so difficult to control lately is simply the sheer amount of change in general. And I think anyone who has an anxiety disorder or just understands what it's like to live with those feelings knows that change in general, whether good or bad, can be very difficult when you're an xious person by nature. I was anxious person by nature. I was very worried about the release of my book. I have never published my texts in this form before. This is definitely the fulfillment of a dream I've had since early childhood. And now that this is happening, I'm imagining all sorts of scary scenarios in my head about how

this will all end. A lot of it doesn't make sense, and it was quite scary at times. I think it's because of all these factors , the expectation of change, such a huge change in my life, and also the death of my rabbit, one of my best friends. I experienced very severe panic attacks that I had never had before. They don't have a specific trigger. They seem to happen just from general stress, and I feel like I

can't breathe. I'm sure my throat was tightening, it was a horrible feeling, and it was very difficult. Luke was so wonderful and supportive of me throughout this entire process. He knew, and I knew, that it would be a difficult transition—changing lifestyle and place of residence. And I am very grateful to him for that. Such anxious periods in my life are quite natural for me. I'll leave a link to a book I read once, there's a lot of research on people like me, and it was incredibly helpful to understand that anxiety isn't necessarily a sign of fragility, it doesn't make you a weaker

or broken person. Anxiety at its best is the feeling that you don't care. That you don't care what happens to you. You don't care what happens to others. You care about the planet. And I like that at the heart of these feelings is a desire to help, a desire to care, rather than a desire to despair and turn away from the problems we face, as individuals or as a society. Anxiety makes me a better person. She makes me compassionate. She makes me empathize to a degree that is overwhelming at times . I truly believe that people

who feel things so deeply can see it as both a gift and a challenge that must be learned to cope with in a healthy way. But I really think that feeling these emotions can be helpful for others. I think you should just learn to manage them in a way that doesn't cause harm. Recently, panic attacks have become quite debilitating for me and are greatly affecting my sleep. But yes, lately it has been a time of happiness, joy, but also stress and anxiety. Believe it or not, these feelings can coexist. I'm returning to peace of mind by doing what I love and focusing on the bright moments, because that's what

this channel is for. This is what you've seen in my videos the last few months— focusing on the positive. To remember what I am grateful for, all the beautiful things in my life, to celebrate the beauty of this area in the spring, and all the things that bring me joy. Reading has been a huge benefit lately. I read more than ever . I read, read and read. It has always been a wonderful and healthy way to escape reality, helping me to recover and return to the world a better person, feeling more at peace. As you can see, this week's video is

a little different from the others. I simply wasn't able to create my usual content. I know I'll be back to it soon, but I wanted to dedicate this week to connecting with the people I love, and of course that includes my husband, Luke, who has been an incredible support to me as I adjust to my new life. I'm not sure how much you enjoy listening to me talk to the camera. Sometimes it helps me to talk to the camera to feel a connection with you, but I also understand that it's not to everyone's liking. I know it's impossible to create something that everyone will like . I really appreciate you being here, and I know I'll get even more comfortable in the coming weeks. And

so, you can probably see that I did n't have a clear plan this week, but I'm still grateful to you and I hope you have a wonderful week. I send you my love. See you later.
