spending the year-end at home
2020-12-17

It was -4°C this morning, a frosty reminder that it's time to scour the closet shelves for warm socks and gloves. The days are so short and the light fades so quickly. The solstice is approaching, and I stare at the flickering flame of the candle, reflecting on the darkness and how to keep bright thoughts at such a time. Yesterday I decided to go through my box of memories. When I was a child, my father sent it to me while he was in the Middle East. It is mostly filled with letters— responses to countless messages I have sent since I learned to write. As a child, I

really wanted to be a writer and wrote to all my favorite authors asking for advice, and they often supported this nine-year-old girl by answering the letters. I spent so many years writing, reading, and filling countless pages with my stories and poems. I still hope to write a few books in my lifetime, but fortunately my obsession is now balanced by other interests. When it comes to your hopes and dreams, it becomes quite easy to realize that there is no need to rush. You have a whole life to

accomplish them. When you look at your goals and aspirations from this angle, you can breathe a sigh of relief and start enjoying each day, gradually taking steps towards who you want to become or what you want to do. Life suddenly slows down. The days are getting longer and filled with details. The future is still important, but it is no longer the sole object of all your efforts. I used to

focus too much on the future, obsessing over the unknown, giving it power over my present. What will happen to this planet and its people ? Will this year's trials ever end? Will I achieve my dreams? Is the future really as dark as people say? When I get so desperate, I forget what I'm capable of right now. I look into the eyes of my young students and see there the hope for a happy life. And suddenly I feel ashamed for not being an example of light for them. If we cannot support our children, inspire them to become better and love this planet more, to take action instead of giving in to despair, we lose sight of that

same flame. I am to blame for this confusion, because sometimes it is easier to retreat than to ask myself: "How can I help?" Each of us can become a source of hope, act decisively, and most importantly, choose joy in our lives. Become an example to those who have despaired and turned away from the light. As the solstice approaches and a new radiance comes into the world,

I implore you to hold on to it. May it fill your soul with wonder and possibilities for a future full of beauty, warmth, and kindness. There will be those who do not want to go with you, and that is their choice . But perhaps choosing hope is a sacred path that leads to a life you could never have imagined.
