my life is changing (and so is this channel)
2021-04-22

As you probably already know, I recently left my job at school to explore new horizons. I hope to become an art teacher, but right now it's all just in the planning stages. I also found a new place for my workshop, and that's very exciting. I've been dreaming about this ever since one of my first clients reported finding three black dog hairs in a package. I was very embarrassed, and I realized that I needed a proper workspace. Oh my God. Getting used to a new routine without school can be strange and a little scary at times. I do n't know what the future holds for me, but I listen to my mentors, not least of whom are

wildflowers. Before I continue, I have to

tell you about one plant. She is known as the balsam root, and this spring she gave me incredible life advice. This flower is a symbol of this part of Washington state, and at this time of year it covers all the hillsides. It is easily recognized by its buttery yellow flowers and arrow-shaped leaves. But the most interesting thing about this plant is that what we see doesn't tell the whole truth. And I think that's true for each of us. The whole secret lies underground. There is an incredible root system there that can be used as food or for medicinal purposes. The main taproot can reach several feet deep to

find a water source. Branched tendrils dig into the soil, preventing erosion. This survival mechanism is vital in conditions like mine, where it is dry and hot this time of year . If you are familiar with American history, you have heard of the Dust Bowl disaster. One of the many reasons for what happened was farming methods that removed native plants from their native soil. Without their deep root system, the earth would turn to dust, blown away by the winds. This shows how important these plants are to the survival of our planet. No matter how beautiful a

plant is, without roots it is short-lived. Every little intervention can negatively affect them, and ultimately they cannot flourish and grow. Young flowers are certainly beautiful and delicate, but old plants are an incredible sight. They are strong, lush, and can easily tolerate drought. They inspire me. It's a wonderful reminder that the invisible is the most important part of who we are. I learned the lesson of the balsam root and set a goal for myself to strengthen my own “root system” to find stability during this very difficult transition period. This year my life has changed significantly. I

realize that nothing will ever be the same again It's exciting and a little scary at the same time. I think we all find ourselves at a crossroads at some point in our lives, where we can choose one of several paths that will lead us in completely different directions. I used to look at these options with trepidation, afraid of making the wrong choice and taking my life down a path I would later regret. But I began to believe that we can find self-fulfillment on different paths in life. Perhaps there are many equally interesting and worthwhile journeys that one could take. I couldn't

sleep last night, wondering if I had made the right decision by choosing new teaching opportunities and focusing on my business. But despite the fear, I realized that in this case there is no such thing as a " wrong choice." And I believe that in many situations where we have a choice, it's how we handle our decision and what we learn that makes it worth it or not. I am very glad that this transitional stage fell in the spring. This is such a beautiful time of renewal and healing. Last but certainly not least : I have news regarding this channel. My brother recently returned from Australia after almost a year of separation, which was very difficult for me . As children, we were very, very

close. You will definitely see him in one of the next videos. He generously offered to help me with the video, which is fantastic because I've always wanted to learn how to use a real camera. I noticed some speculation in the comments about who actually makes these videos, and the answer is me. Mostly yes, although there were a few times when I asked for help, but very rarely. I shoot on an iPhone with a tripod, and I really want to learn how to use a professional camera, so he's finally going to teach me and help me with the filming until I can do it on my own. This is so exciting, I'm very grateful to him, and I hope that starting next week you

will notice a significant improvement in video quality. I wish you all a wonderful week. I have loved ones who are very sick with the same illness that we will not name, and I am very worried about them. So I would appreciate any thoughts or prayers you may have, and I hope you all stay safe and healthy. Sending my love. See you later.
