I made some terrible decisions as a small business owner - where I am now
2024-02-20

Good morning everyone. It's a foggy winter day, and it feels like I haven't seen the sun in months , but the snow is melting fast and the rivers are surging , which can only mean one thing. Spring is coming. Soon the salmon will be swimming in the cold water, and the first tiny sprouts will poke out from the icy ground . Although this time of year is often muddy and dreary it promises something so beautiful , and that's why I'm filled with excitement . In this video, I want o share a little bit of my story as a business owner to share a little bit of my story as a business owner , because I hope it will be ncouraging encouraging and comforting to you , but not in the way you might think. There's a lot of talk online about self-employment or side hustles, with a

lot of emphasis on finding creative ways to make money, handling multiple responsibilities, expanding each year, and achieving even greater success . I'm sure these opportunities and ideas will work for many people, and that's a great thing. But for me, my experience was a little different, so I thought I'd share it. For those who don't know, I handle a variety of

tasks . After working in retail and childcare , I started my own art business and became a videographer, capturing what I loved in the nature around my home creating short films that found beautiful moments in a busy and complicated life. I wanted to learn how to slow down, how to live intentionally , and how to fully recover from years of neglecting my body and mind . It was a wonderful experience doing this. I love working with my camera , creating art, and inspiring others to notice the little things and find meaning in everyday life by capturing ordinary moments with devotion and beauty Slowly my business began to grow, and

at first it was very exciting . There are so many things I want to do and try . Within a few

years, I rented studio space where I was able to dedicate time to art creation, editing, and investing in improving my videos as much as possible. Everything is going very well, but other business owners are telling me that I still need to do a lot more I need to hire staff I have to do multiple sponsorships on each video . I need to stop selling different art products and focus on something more profitable instead Maybe I should come up with my own line of commercial products . I had to partner with several brands but this meant giving up my initial vision and what I wanted to be as a business owner . There was a lot of focus on a kind of consumerism that I naturally didn't agree with , but many people kept telling me that this was the right path

. All of these pressures became unbearable, and I suddenly realized that I had given up a regular 40-hour-a-week job and chosen a never-ending 24/7 work schedule. I am under a lot of stress That's when I realized that if I was in a stressful situation for a long time, it would manifest itself physically . I fell ill I started having serious digestive problems I started having panic attacks,

rashes on my body, and lower back pain that made it impossible to walk My body is carrying all the emotions I'm not ready to face, and it's slowly taking my life Thinking back, my body begged me to stop and listen but I was afraid and ignored it . I want to share this to encourage you to know upfront what is truly important to you . Make sure your moral beliefs match your actions when making any lifestyle change . I'm grateful that I started this journey with that thought because when I felt sick , I realized that I was at a crucial turning point either I had to be true to myself , or

I had to become the person I never thought I would be. I went to other business owners for advice, and they all told me the same thing If I want to be truly successful, I need to do more. I need to expand and become a real company, not just an individual That's when I knew this wasn't going to work for me . And that led me to another big question. Why do we always talk about how to make the most of our time and how to make more money ? Why not learn about managing your time or making enough money Enough to live humbly, simply, and comfortably. These questions, as you might imagine , led me down a very different path in life . My personal

desires in life are very simple. I have no desire to travel the world. I do n't need to go on expensive vacations. I don't need to fill my house with so many things . If your goals are different from mine, I encourage you to pursue them . As for me personally I am sharing that living a simple life like this brings me more happiness . I love walking my dog cuddling my cat, playing with my rabbits, and spending quiet evenings at home . These are nough for me. enough for me. I don't need anything more than that. Call me a bore. Many people have already said that many times in my life. But my inner life, my spiritual center, as well as

who I am, my imagination, everything I truly love. These are what keep me whole . They satisfy me . Every year it seems like the things I need from the outside world are decreasing I will only be happy if my basic needs are met. However, I do n't like to worry about how to meet those needs. I love art. I like crafting. I like books. I can enjoy them very casually, frugally . I will stay like this. We are all different people, but I realized that by submitting to the words of those who are smarter and more experienced than me , I was convincing myself that I should do more earn more, and become even greater . No

one has ever said, "Why can't you be content with what you have? Why can't you be who you are ? Can't you be successful enough and earn enough to live simply?" That's omething I need to know for myself. So, with something I need to know for myself. So, with this in mind , I made some of the worst business decisions I could have made . To be clear I didn't ruin my business I didn't ruin my life in any way . I mean, I can't do that. I have very important responsibilities . I have a family that depends on me. I have to pay the bills. We are all in a cost of living crisis right now. I just bought a jar of nut butter for $14 , which is one of the cheapest I've found . There is only one real large grocery store in my area . I left my rented workspace and moved all my

Etsy and work supplies to a small corner of the house . I haven't hired any new employees . Yes, that sounds a bit cramped. Yes, when I was doing that, I felt like, "Oh, am I failing?" It felt like I wasn't doing what I should be doing with my business, according to the advice of many experts . I had to significantly reduce the number of Etsy orders I took each week Having a baby is a difficult task, it can be very tiring , and I had to respect that oo too . I know I need to cut back even more after our baby is born I also let go of the pressure to upload videos at a specific time or at any time. I'm doing the best I can while respecting my health, mental state, and other

things . I realized that I needed to find a sustainable way to have some peace of mind and not worry all night about not being able to get everything done. Some people advised me to work smarter, not harder, which meant delegating the tasks I used to do myself to thers, to thers, to thers, to employees, and running it like a company. But that's not something I can do. That's not really me. In fact, it seemed even more terrifying and embarrassing. To be clear I didn't do any of those things. If I wanted to take things back under my control

many people who knew more than I did would have told me to understand how terrible the business decisions I had made were Yet I share them with you because I want to encourage you to understand what is important to you in your life . You may be someone who values ​​your health very much Maybe you don't know how much you love your health , and only when you lose it do you realize how important it is to you So, when you're making big changes, ask yourself in advance what's valuable to you, what you're not willing to give up, and whether you're willing to bear the risks that some changes may entail . And sure, all the decisions I've made over the past few

years have had some consequences . Those are very big developments. Naturally, views decreased, and my income dropped significantly. Many large businesses and influencers who wanted to collaborate are no longer so keen. I know I'm making the wrong decisions for my business, but they're the right decisions for me. I think it's very easy to get confused between those two I need to hear what I need to live a fulfilling life, not a life with too many things, but a life with just enough things . I was not comfortable making these decisions I am Paola, the Cottage Fairy. That's how it started, and honestly , that's how I want it to end . Now, my workdays

look very different . I spend some time packaging art for my Etsy customers I make recordings and short fun videos for my Patreon , and I also make videos here when I can. It has brought so much creativity, love, and excitement back into my life. I've really realized in the last few years what a sensitive person I am. When I have too much pressure and responsibilities, it bothers me so much that I can't do it for long. If stress builds up in my body and I don't try to reduce it , I will get sick. My physical body never lies to me It always makes it very

clear what state I am in I could go to a hundred business coaches to learn how to deal with stress, but ultimately it just would n't come naturally to me. I work hard, stay busy all week, and o whatever it takes to survive. But, as I do whatever it takes to survive. But, as I started adding other tasks , I realized that there was a disconnect between my beliefs and my actions Honestly, it's a very difficult situation for us as humans to have a mismatch between our beliefs and our actions. This causes a big problem inside. I spent a lot of my life associating being an overly sensitive person with weakness and cowardice.

I would make jokes about myself in front of my colleagues because a part of me believed it was true . I used to feel like I wasn't brave enough to face life like everyone else . But I now believe that is not true I think it's wrong to be so narrow-minded about the diversity of human personalities . I think there's a reason we're all different . We can all handle different tasks in different ways. A person may appear to be doing well, but we don't know what's going on behind the scenes. I believe that as long as we recognize what we need, we can grow within our limitations I'm only making this

video to encourage you to stick to what you truly value, which may be different for everyone You may be influenced by society or by what others tell you about how you should be and what you should do. First, take enough time to learn about yourself and understand what you need. I have responsibilities . There are people who depend on me . I have a family . I am going to have a baby soon I realized that I have to make the right decisions, but those decisions shouldn't ruin your health and your peace of mind, because then you won't be the person those around you want you to be . If they respect and value you, you won't be able to provide the support they need. If there are people in your life who truly respect you , they will want to make those decisions for you

Now when it comes to the future . We will naturally have to live more frugally in the coming period We have many expenses related to normal living. So we both need to work hard, but it can be done more thoughtfully and deliberately making sure we don't give up something precious just for a little bit of security. We live within our means and as frugally as possible . We are going to downsize our lifestyle . We are going to live more simply . We face the future as a team and teach our children the same values. I don't know what the future holds, and to be honest I'm very scared. I know

I'll have to take more time off after the baby is born , so I'm really scared. All this scares me very much . However, I personally realize that it is at times like this that faith is needed. I know there will be people who will laugh at me for saying this. You can't control everything in life , and it's impossible to control the future. You can face it with fear and anxiety, but that fear and anxiety will cost you. We must do the best we can while maintaining our health and peace of mind Moreover, we must believe in something. In my case , my spirituality gives me confidence, but even if you don't have spirituality

at least have confidence in your ability to solve problems. You have come this far, and you can go even further in the future. Be careful with your decisions act deliberately, and realize that making mistakes is necessary to learn things. Perhaps I have recently made the biggest mistakes of my life . Maybe in the future, when I look back on the decision I made, I'll think, "Wow, she made a lot of mistakes." She really should continue all this work . She should have expanded she should have expanded . She should have been more competitive She has more work to do. " I don't hink it feels that way, but if it does think it feels that way, but if it does I find comfort in knowing that I'm doing the best I can right now and making the right decisions . Don't give up anything you value for something you don't really need.

If you're struggling to make ends meet and can't even think about your health I can empathize with your situation . If the opportunity presents itself to prioritize your health and peace of mind , I hope you have the courage to take it . Because as someone who has come out of the workaholic world, I know that it can be hard to slow down when you have the opportunity, because we always feel like we're not getting enough, and we get caught up in the habit of never being satisfied with anything. Nothing is ever enough. When we do get the opportunity to slow down , when our entire lives and personalities are wrapped around doing more, achieving more, creating more , do we really take that

opportunity ? It's a very difficult habit to break. To be honest I don't know what I'm saying in this video, but I wanted to share a little update . Um, life is changing right now. Everything is changing. I am changing, and I think that is a wonderful and important thing . I hope you are also ready for your growth and embrace whatever path it takes you . I will continue to make videos here . Sometimes I will make more videos, and then I will definitely take a break for a while when the baby comes . I don't know hat will happen in the future what will happen in the future but I do know that I will take care of myself and I am confident that I can handle the problems that come my way.

Maybe this is a bit disappointing to your ideas about self- employment or working and living on your own terms but this is just my situation I believe in those who love to be busy, who say that doing these things is exciting for them, that focusing on productivity 24/7 makes them happy . That is why I don't compare myself to others . For a long time , I felt like I did n't deserve what I had, that I was selling my soul to get it . I felt like I didn't deserve anything. If I didn't work hard every minute, I wouldn't even have a house to live in. I felt like I didn’t deserve it. I think it’s partly because of the struggle many of my

family and friends had to overcome to get out of poverty The idea that you have to suffer, risk your health, and then enjoy something is deeply ingrained in me . As strange as it may sound , I think many of you can relate to this . It’s something that’s ingrained in me in some way . This week, I’ll be taking a limited number of orders in my Etsy shop. I’ll be doing a fun live stream for Patreon. I’ll try to make some time for my artwork and new videos , and I’ll try to work very slowly, deliberately , but most of all, very

honestly . Becoming a mother has had a very positive impact on me . It’s helped me put a lot of things in perspective. It’s raised a lot of questions about my health and lifestyle , which I love. I’m already so grateful for my baby who has been with me on this journey . These are just my experiences and my opinions. Only. I am not speaking on behalf of anyone, I am only speaking about myself. I express my love to all of you . I will see you again soon. I will go and come back.
